# routeros_bridge (Resource)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `___id___` (Number) <em>Resource ID type (.id / name). This is an internal service field, setting a value is not required.</em>
- `___path___` (String) <em>Resource path for CRUD operations. This is an internal service field, setting a value is not required.</em>
- `admin_mac` (String) Static MAC address of the bridge. This property only has effect when auto-mac is set to no.
- `ageing_time` (String) How long a host's information will be kept in the bridge database.
- `arp` (String) ARP resolution protocol mode.
- `arp_timeout` (String) ARP timeout is time how long ARP record is kept in ARP table after no packets are received from IP. Value auto equals to the value of arp-timeout in IP/Settings, default is 30s. Can use postfix ms, s, M, h, d for milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours or days. If no postfix is set then seconds (s) is used.
- `auto_mac` (Boolean) Automatically select one MAC address of bridge ports as a bridge MAC address, bridge MAC will be chosen from the first added bridge port. After a device reboot, the bridge MAC can change depending on the port-number.
- `comment` (String)
- `dhcp_snooping` (Boolean)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `ether_type` (String) This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `fast_forward` (Boolean)
- `forward_delay` (String) Time which is spent during the initialization phase of the bridge interface (i.e., after router startup or enabling the interface) in listening/learning state before the bridge will start functioning normally.
- `frame_types` (String) Specifies allowed frame types on a bridge port. This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `igmp_snooping` (Boolean) Enables multicast group and port learning to prevent multicast traffic from flooding all interfaces in a bridge.
- `ingress_filtering` (Boolean) Enables or disables VLAN ingress filtering, which checks if the ingress port is a member of the received VLAN ID in the bridge VLAN table. Should be used with frame-types to specify if the ingress traffic should be tagged or untagged. This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `max_message_age` (String) Changes the Max Age value in BPDU packets, which is transmitted by the root bridge. This property only has effect when protocol-mode is set to stp or rstp. Value: 6s..40s
- `mtu` (String) The default bridge MTU value without any bridge ports added is 1500. The MTU value can be set manually, but it cannot exceed the bridge L2MTU or the lowest bridge port L2MTU. If a new bridge port is added with L2MTU which is smaller than the actual-mtu of the bridge (set by the mtu property), then manually set value will be ignored and the bridge will act as if mtu=auto is set.
- `priority` (String) Bridge priority, used by STP to determine root bridge, used by MSTP to determine CIST and IST regional root bridge. This property has no effect when protocol-mode is set to none.
- `protocol_mode` (String) Select Spanning tree protocol (STP) or Rapid spanning tree protocol (RSTP) to ensure a loop-free topology for any bridged LAN.
- `pvid` (Number) Port VLAN ID (pvid) specifies which VLAN the untagged ingress traffic is assigned to. It applies e.g. to frames sent from bridge IP and destined to a bridge port. This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `transmit_hold_count` (Number) The Transmit Hold Count used by the Port Transmit state machine to limit transmission rate.
- `vlan_filtering` (Boolean) Globally enables or disables VLAN functionality for bridge.

### Read-Only

- `actual_mtu` (Number)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `l2mtu` (Number) Layer2 Maximum transmission unit.
- `mac_address` (String)
- `running` (Boolean)


