# routeros_capsman_rates (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_capsman_rates" "test_rates" {
  name              = "test_rates"
  comment           = "test_rates"
  basic             = ["1Mbps", "5.5Mbps", "6Mbps", "18Mbps", "36Mbps", "54Mbps"]
  ht_basic_mcs      = ["mcs-0", "mcs-7", "mcs-11", "mcs-14", "mcs-16", "mcs-21"]
  ht_supported_mcs  = ["mcs-3", "mcs-8", "mcs-10", "mcs-13", "mcs-17", "mcs-18"]
  supported         = ["2Mbps", "11Mbps", "9Mbps", "12Mbps", "24Mbps", "48Mbps"]
  vht_basic_mcs     = "none"
  vht_supported_mcs = "mcs0-9,mcs0-7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Changing the name of this resource will force it to be recreated.
	> The links of other configuration properties to this resource may be lost!
	> Changing the name of the resource outside of a Terraform will result in a loss of control integrity for that resource!

### Optional

- `basic` (Set of String) List of basic rates. Client will connect to AP only if it supports all basic rates announced by the AP. AP will establish WDS link only if it supports all basic rates of the other AP.
- `comment` (String)
- `ht_basic_mcs` (Set of String) Modulation and Coding Schemes that every connecting client must support. Refer to 802.11n for MCS specification.
- `ht_supported_mcs` (Set of String) Modulation and Coding Schemes that this device advertises as supported. Refer to 802.11n for MCS specification.
- `supported` (Set of String) List of supported rates. Two devices will communicate only using rates that are supported by both devices.
- `vht_basic_mcs` (String) Modulation and Coding Schemes that every connecting client must support. Refer to 802.11ac for MCS specification. You can set MCS interval for each of Spatial Stream
  * none - will not use selected
  * MCS 0-7 - client must support MCS-0 to MCS-7
  * MCS 0-8 - client must support MCS-0 to MCS-8
  * MCS 0-9 - client must support MCS-0 to MCS-9
- `vht_supported_mcs` (String) Modulation and Coding Schemes that this device advertises as supported. Refer to 802.11ac for MCS specification. You can set MCS interval for each of Spatial Stream
  * none - will not use selected
  * MCS 0-7 - devices will advertise as supported MCS-0 to MCS-7
  * MCS 0-8 - devices will advertise as supported MCS-0 to MCS-8
  * MCS 0-9 - devices will advertise as supported MCS-0 to MCS-9

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/caps-man/rates get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_capsman_rates.test_rates "*1"
```
