# routeros_capsman_provisioning (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_capsman_configuration" "test_configuration" {
  name = "cfg1"
}

resource "routeros_capsman_provisioning" "test_provisioning" {
  master_configuration = "cfg1"
  action               = "create-disabled"
  name_prefix          = "cap-"

  depends_on = [
    routeros_capsman_configuration.test_configuration,
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `master_configuration` (String) If action specifies to create interfaces, then a new master interface with its configuration set to this configuration profile will be created

### Optional

- `action` (String) Provisioning action.
- `comment` (String)
- `common_name_regexp` (String) Regular expression to match radios by common name. Each CAP's common name identifier can be found under "/caps-man radio" as value "REMOTE-CAP-NAME"
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `hw_supported_modes` (Set of String) Match radios by supported wireless modes.
- `identity_regexp` (String) Regular expression to match radios by router identity.
- `ip_address_ranges` (Set of String) Match CAPs with IPs within configured address range.
- `name_format` (String) Specify the syntax of the CAP interface name creation.
- `name_prefix` (String) Name prefix which can be used in the name-format for creating the CAP interface names.
- `radio_mac` (String) MAC address of radio to be matched, empty MAC (00:00:00:00:00:00) means match all MAC addresses.
- `slave_configurations` (Set of String) If action specifies to create interfaces, then a new slave interface for each configuration profile in this list is created.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is ->  :put [/caps-man/provisioning get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_capsman_provisioning.test_provisioning "*B"
```
