# routeros_capsman_security (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_capsman_security" "test_security" {
  name                  = "test_security"
  comment               = "test_security"
  authentication_types  = ["wpa-psk", "wpa-eap", "wpa2-psk"]
  disable_pmkid         = true
  eap_methods           = "eap-tls,passthrough"
  eap_radius_accounting = true
  encryption            = ["tkip", "aes-ccm"]
  group_encryption      = "aes-ccm"
  group_key_update      = "1h"
  passphrase            = "0123456789ABCDEF0123456789ABCDEF0123456789ABCDEF0123456789ABCDE"
  tls_certificate       = "none"
  tls_mode              = "verify-certificate"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Changing the name of this resource will force it to be recreated.
	> The links of other configuration properties to this resource may be lost!
	> Changing the name of the resource outside of a Terraform will result in a loss of control integrity for that resource!

### Optional

- `authentication_types` (Set of String) Specify the type of Authentication from wpa-psk, wpa2-psk, wpa-eap or wpa2-eap.
- `comment` (String)
- `disable_pmkid` (Boolean) Whether to include PMKID into the EAPOL frame sent out by the Access Point. Disabling PMKID can cause compatibility issues with devices that use the PMKID to connect to an Access Point.
- `eap_methods` (String) eap-tls - Use built-in EAP TLS authentication; passthrough - Access point will relay authentication process to the RADIUS server.
- `eap_radius_accounting` (Boolean) Specifies if RADIUS traffic accounting should be used if RADIUS authentication gets done for this client
- `encryption` (Set of String) Set type of unicast encryption algorithm used.
- `group_encryption` (String) Access Point advertises one of these ciphers, multiple values can be selected. Access Point uses it to encrypt all broadcast and multicast frames. Client attempts connection only to Access Points that use one of the specified group ciphers.
- `group_key_update` (String) Controls how often Access Point updates the group key. This key is used to encrypt all broadcast and multicast frames. property only has effect for Access Points. (30s..1h)
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) WPA or WPA2 pre-shared key.
- `tls_certificate` (String) Access Point always needs a certificate when security.tls-mode is set to value other than no-certificates.
- `tls_mode` (String) This property has effect only when security.eap-methods contains eap-tls.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/caps-man/security get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_capsman_security.test_security "*1"
```
