# routeros_capsman_datapath (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_capsman_datapath" "test_datapath" {
  name                        = "test_datapath"
  comment                     = "test_datapath"
  arp                         = "local-proxy-arp"
  bridge                      = "bridge"
  bridge_cost                 = 100
  bridge_horizon              = 200
  client_to_client_forwarding = true
  interface_list              = "static"
  l2mtu                       = 1450
  local_forwarding            = true
  mtu                         = 1500
  vlan_id                     = 101
  vlan_mode                   = "no-tag"
  //  openflow_switch             = "aaa"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Changing the name of this resource will force it to be recreated.
	> The links of other configuration properties to this resource may be lost!
	> Changing the name of the resource outside of a Terraform will result in a loss of control integrity for that resource!

### Optional

- `arp` (String) ARP mode. See [docs](https://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Manual:IP/ARP#ARP_Modes) for info.
- `bridge` (String) Bridge to which particular interface should be automatically added as port. Required only when local-forwarding is not used.
- `bridge_cost` (Number) Bridge port cost to use when adding as bridge port.
- `bridge_horizon` (Number) Bridge horizon to use when adding as bridge port.
- `client_to_client_forwarding` (Boolean) Controls if client-to-client forwarding between wireless clients connected to interface should be allowed, in local forwarding mode this function is performed by CAP, otherwise it is performed by CAPsMAN.
- `comment` (String)
- `interface_list` (String) Interface list name.
- `l2mtu` (Number) Layer2 MTU size.
- `local_forwarding` (Boolean) Controls forwarding mode. If disabled, all L2 and L3 data will be forwarded to CAPsMAN, and further forwarding decisions will be made only then. See [docs](https://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Manual:CAPsMAN#Local_Forwarding_Mode) for info.
- `mtu` (Number) MTU size.
- `openflow_switch` (String) OpenFlow switch to add interface to, as port when enabled.
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID to assign to interface if vlan-mode enables use of VLAN tagging.
- `vlan_mode` (String) VLAN tagging mode specifies if VLAN tag should be assigned to interface (causes all received data to get tagged with VLAN tag and allows interface to only send out data tagged with given tag)

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/caps-man/datapath get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_capsman_datapath.test_datapath "*1"
```
