# routeros_interface_lte (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_lte" "test" {
  allow_roaming = false
  apn_profiles  = "default"
  band          = []
  default_name  = "lte1"
  disabled      = false
  mtu           = "1500"
  name          = "lte1"
  network_mode  = ["3g", "lte"]
  sms_protocol  = null
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the interface.

### Optional

- `allow_roaming` (Boolean) Enable data roaming for connecting to other countries data-providers. Not all LTE modems support this feature. Some modems, that do not fully support this feature, will connect to the network but will not establish an IP data connection with allow-roaming set to no.
- `apn_profiles` (String) Which APN profile to use for this interface.
- `band` (Set of Number) LTE Frequency band used in communication [LTE Bands and bandwidths](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/LTE_frequency_bands#Frequency_bands_and_channel_bandwidths).
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `modem_init` (String) Modem init string (AT command that will be executed at modem startup).
- `mtu` (String) Layer3 Maximum transmission unit ('auto', 0 .. 65535)
- `network_mode` (Set of String) Select/force mode for LTE interface to operate with.
- `nr_band` (Set of Number) 5G NR Frequency band used in communication [5G NR Bands and bandwidths](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/5G_NR_frequency_bands).
- `operator` (Number) Used to lock the device to a specific operator full PLMN number is used for the lock consisting of MCC+MNC. [PLMN codes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Public_land_mobile_network).
- `pin` (String) SIM Card's PIN code.
- `sms_protocol` (String) SMS functionality. `mbim`: uses MBIM driver. `at`: uses AT-Commands. `auto`: selects the appropriate option depending on the modem.
- `sms_read` (Boolean)

### Read-Only

- `default_name` (String) The default name for an interface.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inactive` (Boolean)
- `running` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_lte.test *3
```
