# routeros_interface_bridge_port (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_bridge_port" "bridge_port" {
  bridge    = "bridge"
  interface = "ether5"
  pvid      = "50"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `bridge` (String)
- `interface` (String) Name of the interface.

### Optional

- `auto_isolate` (Boolean) When enabled, prevents a port moving from discarding into forwarding state if no BPDUs are received from the neighboring bridge. The port will change into a forwarding state only when a BPDU is received. This property only has an effect when protocol-mode is set to rstp or mstp and edge is set to no.
- `bpdu_guard` (Boolean) This property has no effect when protocol-mode is set to none.
- `broadcast_flood` (Boolean) When enabled, bridge floods broadcast traffic to all bridge egress ports. When disabled, drops broadcast traffic on egress ports.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `edge` (String) Set port as edge port or non-edge port, or enable edge discovery. Edge ports are connected to a LAN that has no other bridges attached.
- `fast_leave` (Boolean) Enables IGMP Fast leave feature on the port.
- `frame_types` (String) Specifies allowed ingress frame types on a bridge port. This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `horizon` (String) Use split horizon bridging to prevent bridging loops. Set the same value for group of ports, to prevent them from sending data to ports with the same horizon value. Split horizon is a software feature that disables hardware offloading. This value is integer '0'..'429496729' or 'none'.
- `hw` (Boolean) Enable or disable Hardware Offloading of the interface.
- `ingress_filtering` (Boolean) Enables or disables VLAN ingress filtering, which checks if the ingress port is a member of the received VLAN ID in the bridge VLAN table. Should be used with frame-types to specify if the ingress traffic should be tagged or untagged. This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `internal_path_cost` (Number) Path cost to the interface for MSTI0 inside a region. This property only has effect when protocol-mode is set to mstp.
- `learn` (String) Changes MAC learning behaviour on a bridge port
- `multicast_router` (String) Changes the state of a bridge port whether IGMP membership reports are going to be forwarded to this port.
- `mvrp_applicant_state` (String) MVRP applicant options (available since RouterOS 7.15): - non-participant - port does not send any MRP messages; - normal-participant - port participates normally in MRP exchanges.
- `mvrp_registrar_state` (String) MVRP registrar options (available since RouterOS 7.15): - fixed - port ignores all MRP messages, and remains Registered (IN) in all configured vlans. - normal - port receives MRP messages and handles them according to the standard.
- `path_cost` (String) Path cost to the interface, used by STP to determine the "best" path, used by MSTP todetermine "best" path between regions. This property has no effect when protocol-mode is set to none.
- `point_to_point` (String) Specifies if a bridge port is connected to a bridge using a point-to-point link for faster convergence in case of failure. This property has no effect when protocol-mode is set to none.
- `priority` (String) The priority of the interface, used by STP to determine the root port, used by MSTP to determine root port between regions.
- `pvid` (Number) ort VLAN ID (pvid) specifies which VLAN the untagged ingress traffic is assigned to. This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `restricted_role` (Boolean) Enable the restricted role on a port, used by STP to forbid a port becoming a root port. This property only has effect when protocol-mode is set to mstp.
- `restricted_tcn` (Boolean) Disable topology change notification (TCN) sending on a port, used by STP to forbid network topology changes to propagate. This property only has effect when protocol-mode is set to mstp.
- `tag_stacking` (Boolean) Forces all packets to be treated as untagged packets. Packets on ingress port will be tagged with another VLAN tag regardless if a VLAN tag already exists, packets will be tagged with a VLAN ID that matches the pvid value and will use EtherType that is specified in ether-type. This property only has effect when vlan-filtering is set to yes.
- `trusted` (Boolean) When enabled, it allows to forward DHCP packets towards DHCP server through this port. Mainly used to limit unauthorized servers to provide malicious information for users. This property only has effect when dhcp-snooping is set to yes.
- `unknown_multicast_flood` (Boolean) When enabled, bridge floods unknown multicast traffic to all bridge egress ports.
- `unknown_unicast_flood` (Boolean) When enabled, bridge floods unknown unicast traffic to all bridge egress ports.

### Read-Only

- `designated_bridge` (String) Root bridge ID (bridge priority and the bridge MAC address).
- `designated_cost` (String) Designated cost.
- `designated_port_number` (Number) Designated port number.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `edge_port` (Boolean) Whether port is an edge port or not.
- `edge_port_discovery` (Boolean) Whether port is set to automatically detect edge ports.
- `external_fdb_status` (Boolean) Whether registration table is used instead of forwarding data base.
- `forwarding` (Boolean) Shows if the port is not blocked by (R/M)STP.
- `hw_offload` (Boolean) Hardware offloading state.
- `hw_offload_group` (String) Switch chip used by the port.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inactive` (Boolean)
- `learning` (Boolean) Shows whether the port is capable of learning MAC addresses.
- `nextid` (String)
- `point_to_point_port` (Boolean) Whether the port is connected to a bridge port using full-duplex (true) or half-duplex (false).
- `role` (String) (R/M)STP algorithm assigned role of the port
- `root_path_cost` (Number) The total cost of the path to the root-bridge.
- `sending_rstp` (String) Whether the port is sending RSTP or MSTP BPDU types. A port will transit to STP type when RSTP/MSTP enabled port receives a STP BPDU
- `status` (String) Port status ('in-bridge' - port is enabled).

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/bridge/port get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_bridge_port.bridge_port "*0"
```
