# routeros_interface_ovpn_client (Resource)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `connect_to` (String) Remote address of the OVPN server.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the interface.
- `user` (String) User name used for authentication.

### Optional

- `add_default_route` (Boolean) Whether to add OVPN remote address as a default route.
- `auth` (String) Authentication methods that the server will accept.
- `certificate` (String) Name of the client certificate.
- `cipher` (String) Allowed ciphers.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `mac_address` (String) Mac address of OVPN interface. Will be automatically generated if not specified.
- `max_mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit. Max packet size that the OVPN interface will be able to send without packet fragmentation.
- `mode` (String) Layer3 or layer2 tunnel mode (alternatively tun, tap)
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for authentication.
- `port` (Number) Port to connect to.
- `profile` (String) Specifies which PPP profile configuration will be used when establishing the tunnel.
- `protocol` (String) Indicates the protocol to use when connecting with the remote endpoint.
- `route_nopull` (Boolean) Specifies whether to allow the OVPN server to add routes to the OVPN client instance routing table.
- `tls_version` (String) Specifies which TLS versions to allow.
- `use_peer_dns` (Boolean) Whether to add DNS servers provided by the OVPN server to IP/DNS configuration.
- `verify_server_certificate` (Boolean) Checks the certificates CN or SAN against the "connect-to" parameter. The IP or hostname must be present in the server's certificate.

### Read-Only

- `hw_crypto` (Boolean)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `running` (Boolean)


