# routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_host (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_host" "test" {
  switch      = "switch1"
  mac_address = "00:00:00:00:00:00"
  ports       = ["ether1"]
  mirror      = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `mac_address` (String) Host's MAC address.
- `ports` (List of String) Name of the interface, static MAC address can be mapped to more that one port, including switch CPU port.
- `switch` (String) Name of the switch to which the MAC address is going to be assigned to.

### Optional

- `copy_to_cpu` (Boolean) Whether to send a frame copy to switch CPU port from a frame with matching MAC destination address (matching destination or source address for CRS3xx series switches).
- `drop` (Boolean) Whether to drop a frame with matching MAC source address received on a certain port (matching destination or source address for CRS3xx series switches).
- `mirror` (Boolean) Whether to send a frame copy to mirror-target port from a frame with matching MAC destination address (matching destination or source address for CRS3xx series switches).
- `redirect_to_cpu` (Boolean) Whether to redirect a frame to switch CPU port from a frame with matching MAC destination address (matching destination or source address for CRS3xx series switches).
- `share_vlan_learned` (Boolean) Whether the static host MAC address lookup is used with shared-VLAN-learning (SVL) or independent-VLAN-learning (IVL). The SVL mode is used for those VLAN entries that do not support IVL or IVL is disabled (independent-learning=no).
- `vlan_id` (String) VLAN ID for the statically added MAC address entry.

### Read-Only

- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/ethernet/switch/host get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_host.test *0
```
