# routeros_interface_lte_apn (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_lte_apn" "test" {
  name           = "apn1"
  apn            = "internet"
  authentication = "pap"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) APN profile name

### Optional

- `add_default_route` (Boolean) Whether to add a default route to forward all traffic over the LTE interface.
- `apn` (String) Service Provider's Access Point Name.
- `authentication` (String) Allowed protocol to use for authentication.
- `comment` (String)
- `default_route_distance` (Number) Sets distance value applied to auto-created default route, if add-default-route is also selected. LTE route by default is with distance 2 to prefer wired routes over LTE.
- `ip_type` (String) Requested PDN type.
- `ipv6_interface` (String) Interface on which to advertise IPv6 prefix.
- `number` (Number) APN profile number.
- `passthrough_interface` (String) Interface to passthrough IP configuration (activates passthrough).
- `passthrough_mac` (String) If set to auto, then will learn MAC from the first packet.
- `passthrough_subnet_selection` (String) `auto` selects the smallest possible subnet to be used for the passthrough interface. `p2p` sets the passthrough interface subnet as `/32` and picks gateway address from `10.177.0.0/16` range. The gateway address stays the same until the apn configuration is changed.
- `password` (String) Password used if any of the authentication protocols are active.
- `use_network_apn` (Boolean) Parameter is available starting from RouterOS v7 and used only for MBIM modems. If set to yes, uses network provided APN.
- `use_peer_dns` (Boolean) If set to yes, uses DNS received from LTE interface.
- `user` (String) Username used if any of the authentication protocols are active.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) It's the default item.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_lte_apn.test *3
```
