# routeros_interface_l2tp_client (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_l2tp_client" "test" {
  name       = "l2tp-test-out"
  connect_to = "127.0.0.1"
  user       = "aaa"
  password   = "bbb"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the interface.

### Optional

- `add_default_route` (Boolean) Whether to add L2TP remote address as a default route.
- `allow` (Set of String) Allowed authentication methods.
- `allow_fast_path` (Boolean) Whether to allow FastPath processing. Must be disabled if IPsec tunneling is used.
- `comment` (String)
- `connect_to` (String) Remote address of L2TP server (if the address is in VRF table, VRF should be specified) `/interface l2tp-client`
`add connect-to=192.168.88.1@vrf1 name=l2tp-out1 user=l2tp-client`.
- `default_route_distance` (Number) Since v6.2, sets distance value applied to auto created default route, if add-default-route is also selected.
- `dial_on_demand` (Boolean) Connects only when outbound traffic is generated. If selected, then route with gateway address from `10.112.112.0/24` network will be added while connection is not established.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `ipsec_secret` (String, Sensitive) Preshared key used when use-ipsec is enabled.
- `keepalive_timeout` (Number) Since v6.0rc13, tunnel keepalive timeout in seconds.
- `l2tp_proto_version` (String) Specify protocol version.
- `l2tpv3_circuit_id` (String) Set the virtual circuit identifier to bind the one end of the L2TPv3 control channel.
- `l2tpv3_cookie_length` (Number) Configures an L2TPv3 pseudowire static session cookie.
- `l2tpv3_digest_hash` (String) Specifies which hash function to be used.
- `max_mru` (Number) Maximum Receive Unit. Max packet size that L2TP interface will be able to receive without packet fragmentation.
- `max_mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit. Max packet size that L2TP interface will be able to send without packet fragmentation.
- `mrru` (String) Maximum packet size that can be received on the link. If a packet is bigger than tunnel MTU, it will be split into multiple packets, allowing full size IP or Ethernet packets to be sent over the tunnel.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for authentication.
- `profile` (String) Specifies which PPP profile configuration will be used when establishing the tunnel.
- `src_address` (String) Specify source address.
- `use_ipsec` (Boolean) When this option is enabled, dynamic IPSec peer configuration and policy (transport mode) is added to encapsulate L2TP connection into IPSec tunnel. Multiple L2tp/ipsec clients behind the same NAT will not work in this mode. To achieve such scenario, disable use-ipsec and set static policies for clients with enabled `tunnel=yes`, `level=unique` settings.
- `use_peer_dns` (String) To use peer dns.
- `user` (String) User name used for authentication.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `running` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/l2tp/client get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_l2tp_client.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_interface_l2tp_client.test "name=xxx"
```
