# routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_port (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_port" "test" {
  name      = "ether1"
  vlan_mode = "check"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Port name.

### Optional

- `default_vlan_id` (String) Adds a VLAN tag with the specified VLAN ID on all untagged ingress traffic on a port, should be used with ```vlan-header``` set to ```always-strip``` on a port to configure the port to be the access port. For hybrid ports ```default-vlan-id``` is used to tag untagged traffic. If two ports have the same ```default-vlan-id```, then VLAN tag is not added since the switch chip assumes that traffic is being forwarded between access ports.
- `mirror_egress` (Boolean) Whether to send egress packet copy to the `mirror-egress-target` port, only available on 88E6393X, 88E6191X and 88E6190 switch chips.
- `mirror_ingress` (Boolean) Whether to send ingress packet copy to the `mirror-ingress-target` port, only available on 88E6393X, 88E6191X and 88E6190 switch chips.
- `mirror_ingress_target` (String) Selects a single mirroring ingress target port, only available on  88E6393X, 88E6191X and 88E6190 switch chips. Mirrored packets from `mirror-ingress` will be sent to the selected port.
- `vlan_header` (String) Sets action which is performed on the port for egress traffic.
- `vlan_mode` (String) Changes the VLAN lookup mechanism against the VLAN Table for ingress traffic.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)
- `running` (Boolean)
- `switch` (String) Name of the switch.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/ethernet/switch/port get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_port.test *1
```
