# routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_crs_ingress_vlan_translation (Resource)
Resource for managing CRS (Cloud Router Switch) series device properties.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_crs_ingress_vlan_translation" "test" {
  ports                = ["ether1"]
  service_vlan_format  = "any"
  customer_vlan_format = "any"
  customer_vid         = 0
  new_customer_vid     = 100
  sa_learning          = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `comment` (String)
- `customer_dei` (String) Matching DEI of the customer tag.
- `customer_pcp` (String) Matching PCP of the customer tag.
- `customer_vid` (String) Matching the VLAN ID of the customer tag.
- `customer_vlan_format` (String) Type of frames with customer tag for which VLAN translation rule is valid.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `new_customer_vid` (String) The new customer VLAN ID replaces the matching customer VLAN ID. If set to 4095 and ingress VLAN translation is used, then traffic is dropped.
- `new_service_vid` (String) The new service VLAN ID replaces the matching service VLAN ID.
- `pcp_propagation` (String) Enables or disables PCP propagation.If the port type is Edge, the customer PCP is copied from the service PCP.If the port type is Network, the service PCP is copied from the customer PCP.
- `ports` (Set of String) Matching switch ports for VLAN translation rule.
- `protocol` (String) Matching Ethernet protocol (only for Ingress VLAN Translation).
- `sa_learning` (String) Enables or disables source MAC learning after VLAN translation (only for Ingress VLAN Translation).
- `service_dei` (String) Matching DEI of the service tag.
- `service_pcp` (String) Matching PCP of the service tag.
- `service_vid` (String) Matching VLAN ID of the service tag.
- `service_vlan_format` (String) Type of frames with service tag for which VLAN translation rule is valid.
- `swap_vids` (String)

### Read-Only

- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/ethernet/switch/ingress-vlan-translation get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_crs_ingress_vlan_translation.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_crs_ingress_vlan_translation.test "name=xxx"
```
