# routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_rule (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_rule" "test" {
  switch      = "switch1"
  ports       = ["ether1"]
  copy_to_cpu = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ports` (List of String) Name of the interface on which the rule will apply on the received traffic, multiple ports are allowed.
- `switch` (String) Matching switch group on which will the rule apply.

### Optional

- `comment` (String)
- `copy_to_cpu` (Boolean) Whether to send a frame copy to switch CPU port from a frame with matching MAC destination address (matching destination or source address for CRS3xx series switches).
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `dscp` (Number) Matching DSCP field of the packet.
- `dst_address` (String) Matching destination IP address and mask.
- `dst_address6` (String) Matching destination IPv6 address and mask.
- `dst_mac_address` (String) Matching destination MAC address and mask.
- `dst_port` (Number) Matching destination protocol port number or range.
- `flow_label` (Number) Matching IPv6 flow label.
- `mac_protocol` (String) Matching particular MAC protocol specified by protocol name or number (skips VLAN tags if any).
- `mirror` (Boolean) Whether to send a frame copy to mirror-target port from a frame with matching MAC destination address (matching destination or source address for CRS3xx series switches).
- `mirror_ports` (Set of String) Selects multiple mirroring target ports, only available on 88E6393X switch chip. Matched packets in the ACL rule will be copied and sent to selected ports.
- `new_dst_ports` (Set of String) Changes the destination port as specified, multiple ports allowed, including a switch CPU port. An empty setting will drop the packet. When the parameter is not used, the packet will be accepted.
- `new_vlan_id` (Number) Changes the VLAN ID to the specified value or adds a new VLAN tag if one was not already present (the property only applies to the Atheros8316, and 88E6393X switch chips).
- `new_vlan_priority` (Number) Changes the VLAN priority field (priority code point, the property only applies to Atheros8327, QCA8337 and Atheros8316 switch chips).
- `protocol` (String) Matching particular IP protocol specified by protocol name or number.
- `rate` (Number) Sets ingress traffic limitation (bits per second) for matched traffic, can only be applied to the first 32 rule slots (the property only applies to Atheros8327/QCA8337 switch chips).
- `redirect_to_cpu` (Boolean) Changes the destination port of a matching packet to the switch CPU.
- `src_address` (String) Matching source IP address and mask.
- `src_address6` (String) Matching source IPv6 address and mask.
- `src_mac_address` (String) Matching source MAC address and mask.
- `src_port` (Number) Matching source protocol port number or range.
- `traffic_class` (Number) Matching IPv6 traffic class.
- `vlan_header` (String) Matching VLAN header, whether the VLAN header is present or not (the property only applies to the Atheros8316, Atheros8327, QCA8337, 88E6393X switch chips).
- `vlan_id` (Number) Matching VLAN ID (the property only applies to the Atheros8316, Atheros8327, QCA8337, 88E6393X switch chips).
- `vlan_priority` (Number) Matching VLAN priority (priority code point).

### Read-Only

- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/ethernet/switch/rule get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_rule.test *0
```
