# routeros_interface_ethernet_switch_crs (Resource)
Resource for managing CRS (Cloud Router Switch) series device properties.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the switch.

### Optional

- `bridge_type` (String) The bridge type defines which VLAN tag is used as Lookup-VID. Lookup-VID serves as the VLAN key for all VLAN-based lookups.
- `bypass_ingress_port_policing_for` (Set of String) Protocols that are excluded from Ingress Port Policing. (arp, dhcpv4, dhcpv6, eapol, igmp, mld, nd, pppoe-discovery, ripv1).
- `bypass_l2_security_check_filter_for` (Set of String) Protocols that are excluded from Policy rule security check. (arp, dhcpv4, dhcpv6, eapol, igmp, mld, nd, pppoe-discovery, ripv1).
- `bypass_vlan_ingress_filter_for` (Set of String) Protocols that are excluded from Ingress VLAN filtering. These protocols are not dropped if they have invalid VLAN. (arp, dhcpv4, dhcpv6,eapol, igmp, mld, nd, pppoe-discovery, ripv1).
- `drop_if_invalid_or_src_port_not_member_of_vlan_on_ports` (Set of String) Ports that drop invalid and other port VLAN ID frames.
- `drop_if_no_vlan_assignment_on_ports` (Set of String) Ports which drop frames if no MAC-based, Protocol-based VLAN assignment or Ingress VLAN Translation is applied.
- `egress_mirror0` (Set of String) The first egress mirroring analyzer port or trunk and mirroring format:analyzer-configured - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the analyzer port.modified - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the egress port.original - Traffic is mirrored without any change to the original incoming packet format. But the service VLAN tag is stripped in the edge port.
- `egress_mirror1` (Set of String) The second egress mirroring analyzer port or trunk and mirroring format:analyzer-configured - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the analyzer port.modified - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the egress port.original - Traffic is mirrored without any change to the original incoming packet format. But the service VLAN tag is stripped in the edge port.
- `egress_mirror_ratio` (String) Proportion of egress mirrored packets compared to all packets.
- `fdb_uses` (String) Analyzer port used for FDB-based mirroring.
- `forward_unknown_vlan` (Boolean) Whether to allow forwarding VLANs that are not members of the VLAN table.
- `ingress_mirror0` (Set of String) The first ingress mirroring analyzer port or trunk and mirroring format:analyzer-configured - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the analyzer port.modified - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the egress port.original - Traffic is mirrored without any change to the original incoming packet format. But the service VLAN tag is stripped in the edge port.
- `ingress_mirror1` (Set of String) The second ingress mirroring analyzer port or trunk and mirroring format:analyzer-configured - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the analyzer port.modified - The packet is the same as the packet to the destination. VLAN format is modified based on the VLAN configurations of the egress port.original - Traffic is mirrored without any change to the original incoming packet format. But the service VLAN tag is stripped in the edge port.
- `ingress_mirror_ratio` (String) The proportion of ingress mirrored packets compared to all packets.
- `mac_level_isolation` (Boolean) Globally enables or disables MAC level isolation. Once enabled, the switch will check the source and destination MAC address entries and their isolation-profile from the unicast forwarding table. By default, the switch will learn MAC addresses and place them into a promiscuous isolation profile. Other isolation profiles can be used when creating static unicast entries. If the source or destination MAC address is located on a promiscuous isolation profile, the packet is forwarded. If both source and destination MAC addresses are located on the same community1 or community2 isolation profile, the packet is forwarded. The packet is dropped when the source and destination MAC address isolation profile is isolated, or when the source and destination MAC address isolation profiles are from different communities (e.g. source MAC address is community1 and destination MAC address is community2). When MAC level isolation is globally disabled, the isolation is bypassed.
- `mirror_egress_if_ingress_mirrored` (Boolean) When a packet is applied to both ingress and egress mirroring, only ingress mirroring is performed on the packet, if this setting is disabled. If this setting is enabled both mirroring types are applied.
- `mirror_tx_on_mirror_port` (Boolean)
- `mirrored_packet_drop_precedence` (String) Remarked drop precedence in mirrored packets. This QoS attribute is used for mirrored packet enqueuing or dropping.
- `mirrored_packet_qos_priority` (Number) Remarked priority in mirrored packets.
- `multicast_lookup_mode` (String) Lookup mode for IPv4 multicast bridging.dst-mac-and-vid-always - For all packet types lookup key is the destination MAC and VLAN ID.dst-ip-and-vid-for-ipv4 - For IPv4 packets lookup key is the destination IP and VLAN ID. For other packet types, the lookup key is the destination MAC and VLAN ID.
- `override_existing_when_ufdb_full` (Boolean) Enable or disable to override existing entry which has the lowest aging value when UFDB is full.
- `unicast_fdb_timeout` (String) Timeout for Unicast FDB entries.
- `unknown_vlan_lookup_mode` (String) Lookup and learning mode for packets with invalid VLAN.
- `use_cvid_in_one2one_vlan_lookup` (Boolean) Whether to use customer VLAN ID for 1:1 VLAN switching lookup.
- `use_svid_in_one2one_vlan_lookup` (Boolean) Whether to use service VLAN ID for 1:1 VLAN switching lookup.
- `vlan_uses` (String) Analyzer port used for VLAN-based mirroring.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


