# routeros_interface_pppoe_client (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_pppoe_client" "test" {
  interface    = "ether1"
  password     = "StrongPass"
  service_name = "pppoeservice"
  name         = "PPPoE-Out"
  disabled     = false
  user         = "MT-User"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Interface name on which client will run.
- `name` (String) Name of the PPPoE interface.

### Optional

- `ac_name` (String) Access Concentrator name, this may be left blank and the client will connect to any access concentrator on the broadcast domain.
- `add_default_route` (Boolean) Enable/Disable whether to add default route automatically.
- `allow` (Set of String) Allowed authentication methods, by default all methods are allowed.
- `comment` (String)
- `default_route_distance` (Number) sets distance value applied to auto created default route, if add-default-route is also selected.
- `dial_on_demand` (Boolean) connects to AC only when outbound traffic is generated. If selected, then route with gateway address from 10.112.112.0/24 network will be added while connection is not established.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `keepalive_timeout` (Number) Sets keepalive timeout in seconds.
- `max_mru` (String) Maximum Receive Unit.
- `max_mtu` (String) Maximum Transmission Unit.
- `mrru` (String) Maximum packet size (512..65535 or disabled) that can be received on the link. If a packet is bigger than tunnel MTU, it will be split into multiple packets, allowing full size IP or Ethernet packets to be sent over the tunnel.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password used to authenticate.
- `profile` (String) Specifies which PPP profile configuration will be used when establishing the tunnel.
- `service_name` (String) Specifies the service name set on the access concentrator, can be left blank to connect to any PPPoE server.
- `use_peer_dns` (Boolean) Enable/disable getting DNS settings from the peer.
- `user` (String) Username used for authentication.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)
- `running` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/pppoe-client get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_pppoe_client.test "*0"
```
