# routeros_interface_l2tp_server (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_l2tp_server" "test" {
  enabled = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `accept_proto_version` (String) Specify protocol version.
- `accept_pseudowire_type` (String) Set the pseudowire signaling protocol for specific pseudowire type.
- `allow_fast_path` (Boolean) To forward packets without additional processing in the Linux kernel.
- `authentication` (Set of String) Authentication algorithm.
- `caller_id_type` (String) If same source IP address is used for multiple clients set id type to number.
- `default_profile` (String) Default profile to use.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enables/disables service.
- `ipsec_secret` (String) Preshared key used when use-ipsec is enabled.
- `keepalive_timeout` (String) Sets keepalive timeout in seconds.
- `l2tpv3_circuit_id` (String) Set the virtual circuit identifier to bind the one end of the L2TPv3 control channel.
- `l2tpv3_cookie_length` (String) Configures an L2TP pseudowire static session cookie.
- `l2tpv3_digest_hash` (String) Specifies which hash function to be used.
- `l2tpv3_ether_interface_list` (String) Set your interface list for example the default ones- all, dynamic, none, static.
- `max_mru` (Number) Maximum Receive Unit.
- `max_mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit.
- `max_sessions` (String) Set number of needed sessions.
- `mrru` (String) Maximum packet size that can be received on the link. If a packet is bigger than tunnel MTU, it will be split into multiple packets, allowing full size IP or Ethernet packets to be sent over the tunnel.
- `one_session_per_host` (Boolean) To allow one session per host.
- `use_ipsec` (Boolean) When this option is enabled, dynamic IPSec peer configuration is added to suitemost of the L2TP road-warrior setups. When require is selected server will accept onlythose L2TP connection attempts that were encapsulated in the IPSec tunnel.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_interface_l2tp_server.test .
```
