# routeros_interface_w60g (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_w60g" "test" {
  make     = "wlan60-1"
  password = "put_your_safe_password_here"
  ssid     = "put_your_new_ssid_here"
  disabled = false
  mode     = "ap-bridge"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the interface.

### Optional

- `arp` (String) Address Resolution Protocol mode:
  * disabled - the interface will not use ARP
  * enabled - the interface will use ARP
  * local-proxy-arp - the router performs proxy ARP on the interface and sends replies to the same interface
  * proxy-arp - the router performs proxy ARP on the interface and sends replies to other interfaces
  * reply-only - the interface will only reply to requests originated from matching IP address/MAC address combinations which are entered as static entries in the ARP table. No dynamic entries will be automatically stored in the ARP table. Therefore for communications to be successful, a valid static entry must already exist.
- `arp_timeout` (String) ARP timeout is time how long ARP record is kept in ARP table after no packets are received from IP. Value auto equals to the value of arp-timeout in IP/Settings, default is 30s. Can use postfix `ms`, `s`, `M`, `h`, `d` for milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours or days. If no postfix is set then seconds (s) is used.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `frequency` (String) Frequency used in communication (Only active on bridge device).
- `isolate_stations` (Boolean) Don't allow communication between connected clients (from RouterOS 6.41).
- `l2mtu` (Number) Layer2 Maximum transmission unit. [See](https://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Maximum_Transmission_Unit_on_RouterBoards).
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the radio interface.
- `mdmg_fix` (Boolean) Experimental feature working only on wAP60Gx3 devices, providing better point to multi point stability in some cases.
- `mode` (String) Operation mode.
- `mtu` (String) Layer3 Maximum transmission unit ('auto', 0 .. 65535)
- `password` (String, Sensitive) Password used for AES encryption.
- `put_stations_in_bridge` (String) Put newly created station device interfaces in this bridge.
- `region` (Boolean) Parameter to limit frequency use.
- `scan_list` (Set of String) Scan list to limit connectivity over frequencies in station mode.
- `ssid` (String) SSID (service set identifier) is a name that identifies wireless network (0..32 char).
- `tx_sector` (Number) Disables beamforming and locks to selected radiation pattern.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `running` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/w60g get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_w60g.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_interface_w60g.test "name=xxx"
```
