# routeros_interface_ethernet_switch (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_ethernet_switch" "sw0" {
  switch_id = 0 # Optional
  name      = "new switch"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the switch.

### Optional

- `cpu_flow_control` (Boolean) All switch chips have a special port that is called switchX-cpu, this is the CPU port for a switch chip, it is meant to forward traffic from a switch chip to the CPU, such a port is required for management traffic and for routing features. By default the switch chip ensures that this special CPU port is not congested and sends out Pause Frames when link capacity is exceeded to make sure the port is not oversaturated, this feature is called CPU Flow Control. Without this feature packets that might be crucial for routing or management purposes might get dropped.
- `l3_hw_offloading` (Boolean) Layer 3 Hardware Offloading (L3HW, otherwise known as IP switching or HW routing) allows to offload some router features onto the switch chip. This allows reaching wire speeds when routing packets, which simply would not be possible with the CPU.
- `mirror_egress_target` (String) Selects a single mirroring egress target port, only available on 88E6393X, 88E6191X and 88E6190 switch chips. Mirrored packets from `mirror-egress` (see the property in port menu) will be sent to the selected port.
- `mirror_source` (String) Selects a single mirroring source port. Ingress and egress traffic will be sent to the mirror-target port. Note that mirror-target port has to belong to the same switch (see which port belongs to which switch in /interface ethernet menu).
- `mirror_target` (String) Selects a single mirroring target port. Mirrored packets from mirror-source and mirror (see the property in rule and host table) will be sent to the selected port.
- `switch_id` (String) Switch-chip id. Default .id = *0

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)
- `type` (String) Switch-chip type.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/ethernet/switch get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_ethernet_switch.sw0 *0
```
