# routeros_interface_wireless_access_list (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_wireless_access_list" "test" {
  signal_range = "-100..100"
  time         = "3h3m-5h,mon,tue,wed,thu,fri"
  mac_address  = "00:AA:BB:CC:DD:EE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `allow_signal_out_of_range` (String) Option which permits client's signal to be out of the range always or for some time interval.
- `ap_tx_limit` (Number) Limit rate of data transmission to this client. Value 0 means no limit. Value is in bits per second.
- `authentication` (Boolean) No - Client association will always fail.yes - Use authentication procedure that is specified in the security-profile of the interface.
- `client_tx_limit` (Number) Ask client to limit rate of data transmission. Value 0 means no limit.This is a proprietary extension that is supported by RouterOS clients.Value is in bits per second.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `forwarding` (Boolean) * false - Client cannot send frames to other station that are connected to same access point.
  *true - Client can send frames to other stations on the same access point.
- `interface` (String) Rules with interface=any are used for any wireless interface and the `interface = all` defines interface-list `all` name. To make rule that applies only to one wireless interface, specify that interface as a value of this property.
- `mac_address` (String) Rule matches client with the specified MAC address. Value 00:00:00:00:00:00 matches always.
- `management_protection_key` (String) Management protection shared secret.
- `private_algo` (String) Only for `WEP` modes.
- `private_key` (String) Only for `WEP` modes (HEX).
- `private_pre_shared_key` (String) Used in `WPA PSK` mode.
- `signal_range` (String) Rule matches if signal strength of the station is within the range.If signal strength of the station will go out of the range that is specified in the rule, access point will disconnect that station.
- `time` (String) Rule will match only during specified time.Station will be disconnected after specified time ends. Both start and end time is expressed as time since midnight, 00:00. Rule will match only during specified days of the week. Ex: "3h3m-5h,mon,tue,wed,thu,fri"
- `vlan_id` (Number) VLAN ID to use if doing VLAN tagging.
- `vlan_mode` (String) VLAN tagging mode specifies if traffic coming from client should get tagged (and untagged when going to client).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/wireless/access-list get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_wireless_access_list.test *3
```
