# routeros_interface_dot1x_server (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_dot1x_server" "ether2" {
  auth_types = ["mac-auth"]
  interface = "ether2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Name of the interface.

### Optional

- `accounting` (Boolean) Whether to send RADIUS accounting requests to the authentication server.
- `auth_timeout` (String) Total time available for EAP authentication.
- `auth_types` (Set of String) Used authentication type on a server interface. Comma-separated list of `dot1x` and `mac-auth`.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `guest_vlan_id` (Number) Assigned VLAN when end devices do not support dot1x authentication and no mac-auth fallback is configured.
- `interim_update` (String) Interval between scheduled RADIUS Interim-Update messages.
- `mac_auth_mode` (String) An option that allows to control User-Name and User-Password RADIUS attributes when using MAC authentication.
- `radius_mac_format` (String) An option that controls how the MAC address of the client is encoded in the User-Name and User-Password attributes when using MAC authentication.
- `reauth_timeout` (String) An option that enables server port re-authentication.
- `reject_vlan_id` (Number) Assigned VLAN when authentication failed, and a RADIUS server responded with an Access-Reject message.
- `retrans_timeout` (String) The time interval between message re-transmissions if no response is received from the supplicant.
- `server_fail_vlan_id` (Number) Assigned VLAN when RADIUS server is not responding and request timed out.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/dot1x/server get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_dot1x_server.ether2 *1
```
