# routeros_interface_w60g_station (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_w60g_station" "test" {
  name           = "wlan60-station-1"
  parent         = "wlan60-1"
  remote-address = "AA:AA:AA:AA:AA:AA"
  put-in-bridge  = "parent"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the interface.
- `parent` (String) Parent interface name.

### Optional

- `arp` (String) Address Resolution Protocol mode:
  * disabled - the interface will not use ARP
  * enabled - the interface will use ARP
  * local-proxy-arp - the router performs proxy ARP on the interface and sends replies to the same interface
  * proxy-arp - the router performs proxy ARP on the interface and sends replies to other interfaces
  * reply-only - the interface will only reply to requests originated from matching IP address/MAC address combinations which are entered as static entries in the ARP table. No dynamic entries will be automatically stored in the ARP table. Therefore for communications to be successful, a valid static entry must already exist.
- `arp_timeout` (String) ARP timeout is time how long ARP record is kept in ARP table after no packets are received from IP. Value auto equals to the value of arp-timeout in IP/Settings, default is 30s. Can use postfix `ms`, `s`, `M`, `h`, `d` for milliseconds, seconds, minutes, hours or days. If no postfix is set then seconds (s) is used.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `mac_address` (String) MAC address of the station interface.
- `mtu` (String) Layer3 Maximum transmission unit ('auto', 0 .. 65535)
- `put_in_bridge` (String) Add station device interface to specific bridge.
- `remote_address` (String) MAC address of bridge interface, station is connecting to.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `running` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/w60g/station get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_w60g_station.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_interface_w60g_station.test "name=xxx"
```
