# routeros_interface_pppoe_server (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_interface_pppoe_server" "test" {
  comment  = "comment"
  disabled = true
  name     = "pppoe-in1"
  user     = ""
  service  = ""
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `authentication` (Set of String) Authentication algorithm.
- `comment` (String)
- `default_profile` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `interface` (String) Interface that the clients are connected to
- `keepalive_timeout` (String) Defines the time period (in seconds) after which the router is starting to send keepalive packets every second. If there is no traffic and no keepalive responses arrive for that period of time (i.e. 2 * keepalive-timeout), the non responding client is proclaimed disconnected.
- `max_mru` (Number) Maximum Receive Unit. The optimal value is the MTU of the interface the tunnel is working over reduced by 20 (so, for 1500-byte Ethernet link, set the MTU to 1480 to avoid fragmentation of packets).
- `max_mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit. The optimal value is the MTU of the interface the tunnel is working over reduced by 20 (so, for 1500-byte Ethernet link, set the MTU to 1480 to avoid fragmentation of packets).
- `max_sessions` (Number) Maximum number of clients that the AC can serve. '0' = no limitations.
- `mrru` (String) Maximum packet size that can be received on the link. If a packet is bigger than tunnel MTU, it will be split into multiple packets, allowing full size IP or Ethernet packets to be sent over the tunnel.
- `one_session_per_host` (Boolean) Allow only one session per host (determined by MAC address). If a host tries to establish a new session, the old one will be closed.
- `pppoe_over_vlan_range` (Number) This setting allows a PPPoE server to operate over 802.1Q VLANs. By default, a PPPoE server only accepts untagged packets on its interface. However, in scenarios where clients are on separate VLANs, instead of creating multiple 802.1Q VLAN interfaces and bridging them together or configuring individual PPPoE servers for each VLAN, you can specify the necessary VLANs directly in the PPPoE server settings. When you specify the VLAN IDs, the PPPoE server will accept both untagged packets and 802.1Q tagged packets from clients, and it will reply using the same VLAN. This setting can also be applied to both CVLAN and SVLAN interfaces. For example, when the use-service-tag=yes option is used on a VLAN interface, enabling QinQ setups as well. The setting supports a range of VLAN IDs, as well as individual VLANs specified using comma-separated values. For example: pppoe-over-vlan-range=100-115,120,122,128-130.
- `service` (String) This attribute is required in the ROS 7 version.
- `service_name` (String) The PPPoE service name. Server will accept clients which sends PADI message with service-names that matches this setting or if service-name field in PADI message is not set.
- `user` (String) This attribute is required in the ROS 7 version.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `running` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/pppoe/server get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_interface_pppoe_server.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_interface_pppoe_server.test "name=xxx"
```
