# routeros_ip_dhcp_relay (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_dhcp_relay" "relay" {
  name        = "test relay"
  interface   = "ether1"
  dhcp_server = "0.0.0.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `dhcp_server` (String) List of DHCP servers' IP addresses which should the DHCP requests be forwarded to.
- `interface` (String) Interface name the DHCP relay will be working on.
- `name` (String) Descriptive name for the relay.

### Optional

- `add_relay_info` (Boolean) Adds DHCP relay agent information if enabled according to RFC 3046. Agent Circuit ID Sub-option contains mac address of an interface, Agent Remote ID Sub-option contains MAC address of the client from which request was received.
- `delay_threshold` (String) If secs field in DHCP packet is smaller than delay-threshold, then this packet is ignored.
- `dhcp_server_vrf` (String) The VRF table this resource operates on.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `local_address` (String) The unique IP address of this DHCP relay needed for DHCP server to distinguish relays. If set to 0.0.0.0 - the IP address will be chosen automatically
- `relay_info_remote_id` (String) Specified string will be used to construct Option 82 instead of client's MAC address. Option 82 consist of: interface from which packets was received + client mac address or relay-info-remote-id

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/dhcp-relay get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_dhcp_relay.relay "*0"
```
