# routeros_ip_dhcp_client (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_dhcp_client" "client" {
  interface = "bridge"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Name of the interface.

### Optional

- `add_default_route` (String) Whether to install default route in routing table received from DHCP server.
- `comment` (String)
- `default_route_distance` (Number) Distance of default route. Applicable if add-default-route is set to yes.
- `dhcp_options` (String) Options that are sent to the DHCP server.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `use_peer_dns` (Boolean) Whether to accept the DNS settings advertised by DHCP Server (will override the settings put in the /ip dns submenu).
- `use_peer_ntp` (Boolean) Whether to accept the NTP settings advertised by DHCP Server (will override the settings put in the /system ntp client submenu).

### Read-Only

- `address` (String) IP address and netmask, which is assigned to DHCP Client from the Server.
- `dhcp_server` (String) The IP address of the DHCP server.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `expires_after` (String) A time when the lease expires (specified by the DHCP server).
- `gateway` (String) The IP address of the gateway which is assigned by DHCP server.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)
- `primary_dns` (String) The IP address of the first DNS resolver, that was assigned by the DHCP server.
- `primary_ntp` (String) The IP address of the primary NTP server, assigned by the DHCP server.
- `secondary_dns` (String) The IP address of the second DNS resolver, assigned by the DHCP server.
- `secondary_ntp` (String) The IP address of the secondary NTP server, assigned by the DHCP server.
- `status` (String)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/dhcp-client get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_dhcp_client.client "*0"
```
