# routeros_ip_dhcp_server_lease (Resource)
Creates a DHCP lease on the mikrotik device.

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_dhcp_server_lease" "dhcp_lease" {
  address     = "10.0.0.2"
  mac_address = "AA:BB:CC:DD:11:22"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The IP address of the DHCP lease to be created.
- `mac_address` (String) The MAC addreess of the DHCP lease to be created.

### Optional

- `address_lists` (String) Address list to which address will be added if lease is bound.
- `allow_dual_stack_queue` (Boolean) Creates a single simple queue entry for both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, uses the MAC address and DUID for identification.
- `always_broadcast` (Boolean) Send all replies as broadcasts.
- `block_access` (Boolean) Whether to block access for this DHCP client (true|false).
- `client_id` (String) If specified, must match DHCP 'client identifier' option of the request.
- `comment` (String)
- `dhcp_option` (String) Add additional DHCP options.
- `dhcp_option_set` (String) Add additional set of DHCP options.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `insert_queue_before` (String) Specify where to place dynamic simple queue entries for static DCHP leases with rate-limit parameter set.
- `lease_time` (String) Time that the client may use the address. If set to 0s lease will never expire.
- `rate_limit` (String) Adds a dynamic simple queue to limit IP's bandwidth to a specified rate. Requires the lease to be static.
- `server` (String) Server name which serves this client.
- `use_src_mac` (Boolean) When this option is set server uses source MAC address instead of received CHADDR to assign address.

### Read-Only

- `active_address` (String) The IP address of the machine currently holding the DHCP lease.
- `active_client_id` (String) Actual client-id of the client.
- `active_hostname` (String) The hostname of the machine currently holding the DHCP lease.
- `active_mac_address` (String) The MAC address of of the machine currently holding the DHCP lease.
- `active_server` (String) Actual dhcp server, which serves this client.
- `agent_circuit_id` (String) Circuit ID of DHCP relay agent. If each character should be valid ASCII text symbol or else this value is displayed as hex dump.
- `agent_remote_id` (String) Remote ID, set by DHCP relay agent.
- `blocked` (Boolean) Whether the lease is blocked.
- `class_id` (String) Class ID of the client. This option is available in RouterOS starting from version 7.16.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Whether the dhcp lease is static or dynamic. Dynamic leases are not guaranteed to continue to be assigned to that specific device.
- `expires_after` (String) Time until lease expires.
- `host_name` (String) The hostname of the device
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_seen` (String)
- `radius` (String) Shows if this dynamic lease is authenticated by RADIUS or not.
- `src_mac_address` (String) Source MAC address.
- `status` (String) Lease status.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/dhcp-server/lease get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_dhcp_server_lease.dhcp_lease "*0"
```
