# routeros_ip_dhcp_server_network (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_dhcp_server_network" "dhcp_server_network" {
  address    = "10.0.0.0/24"
  gateway    = "10.0.0.1"
  dns_server = "1.1.1.1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address` (String) The network DHCP server(s) will lease addresses from.

### Optional

- `___id___` (Number) <em>Resource ID type (.id / name). This is an internal service field, setting a value is not required.</em>
- `___path___` (String) <em>Resource path for CRUD operations. This is an internal service field, setting a value is not required.</em>
- `boot_file_name` (String) Boot filename.
- `caps_manager` (String) A comma-separated list of IP addresses for one or more CAPsMAN system managers. DHCP Option 138 (capwap) will be used.
- `comment` (String)
- `dhcp_option` (String) Add additional DHCP options from the option list.
- `dhcp_option_set` (String) Add an additional set of DHCP options.
- `dns_none` (Boolean) If set, then DHCP Server will not pass dynamic DNS servers configured on the router to the DHCP clients if no DNS Server in DNS-server is set.
- `dns_server` (String) the DHCP client will use these as the default DNS servers. Two comma-separated DNS servers can be specified to be used by the DHCP client as primary and secondary DNS servers.
- `domain` (String) The DHCP client will use this as the 'DNS domain' setting for the network adapter.
- `gateway` (String) The default gateway to be used by DHCP Client.
- `netmask` (Number) The actual network mask is to be used by the DHCP client. If set to '0' - netmask from network address will be used.
- `next_server` (String) The IP address of the next server to use in bootstrap.
- `ntp_server` (String) The DHCP client will use these as the default NTP servers. Two comma-separated NTP servers can be specified to be used by the DHCP client as primary and secondary NTP servers
- `wins_server` (String) The Windows DHCP client will use these as the default WINS servers. Two comma-separated WINS servers can be specified to be used by the DHCP client as primary and secondary WINS servers

### Read-Only

- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/dhcp-server/network get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_dhcp_server_network.dhcp_server_network "*0"
```
