# routeros_ip_dhcp_server (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_dhcp_server" "server" {
  address_pool = "my_address_pool"
  interface    = "bridge"
  name         = "bridge_dhcp"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Name of the interface.
- `name` (String) Changing the name of this resource will force it to be recreated.
	> The links of other configuration properties to this resource may be lost!
	> Changing the name of the resource outside of a Terraform will result in a loss of control integrity for that resource!

### Optional

- `add_arp` (Boolean) Whether to add dynamic ARP entry.
- `address_lists` (Set of String) Address list to which address will be added if lease is bound.
- `address_pool` (String) IP pool, from which to take IP addresses for the clients. If set to static-only, then only the clients that have a static lease (added in lease submenu) will be allowed.
- `allow_dual_stack_queue` (Boolean) Creates a single simple queue entry for both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, uses the MAC address and DUID for identification. Requires IPv6 DHCP Server to have this option enabled as well to work properly.
- `always_broadcast` (Boolean) Always send replies as broadcasts even if destination IP is known.
- `authoritative` (String) Option changes the way how a server responds to DHCP requests.
- `bootp_lease_time` (String) Accepts two predefined options or time value: * forever - lease never expires * lease-time - use time from lease-time parameter
- `bootp_support` (String) Support for BOOTP clients.
- `client_mac_limit` (Number) Specifies whether to limit specific number of clients per single MAC address.
- `comment` (String)
- `conflict_detection` (Boolean) Allows to disable/enable conflict detection. If option is enabled, then whenever server tries to assign a lease it will send ICMP and ARP messages to detect whether such address in the network already exist. If any of above get reply address is considered already used. Conflict detection must be disabled when any kind of DHCP client limitation per port or per mac is used.
- `delay_threshold` (String) If secs field in DHCP packet is smaller than delay-threshold, then this packet is ignored. If set to none - there is no threshold (all DHCP packets are processed).
- `dhcp_option_set` (String) Use custom set of DHCP options defined in option sets menu.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `dynamic_lease_identifiers` (String) Dynamic lease identifier
- `insert_queue_before` (String) Specify where to place dynamic simple queue entries for static DCHP leases with rate-limit parameter set.
- `lease_script` (String) A script that will be executed after a lease is assigned or de-assigned.
- `lease_time` (String) The time that a client may use the assigned address. The client will try to renew this address after half of this time and will request a new address after the time limit expires.
- `parent_queue` (String)
- `relay` (String) The IP address of the relay this DHCP server.
- `src_address` (String) The address which the DHCP client must send requests to in order to renew an IP address lease.
- `support_broadband_tr101` (Boolean) Support broadband TR101
- `use_framed_as_classless` (Boolean) Forward RADIUS Framed-Route as a DHCP Classless-Static-Route to DHCP-client.
- `use_radius` (String) Whether to use RADIUS server.
- `use_reconfigure` (Boolean) Allow the server to send Reconfigure (forcerenew) messages to clients, prompting them to renew configuration without waiting for their lease to expire.

### Read-Only

- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/dhcp-server get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_dhcp_server.server "*1"
```
