# routeros_ip_hotspot_user (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_hotspot_user" "test" {
  name = "user-1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) HotSpot login page username, when MAC-address authentication is used name is configured as client's MAC-address.

### Optional

- `address` (Number) IP address, when specified client will get the address from the HotSpot one-to-one NAT translations. Address does not restrict HotSpot login only from this address.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `email` (String) HotSpot client's e-mail, informational value for the HotSpot user.
- `limit_bytes_in` (Number) Maximal amount of bytes that can be received from the user. User is disconnected from HotSpot after the limit is reached.
- `limit_bytes_out` (Number) Maximal amount of bytes that can be transmitted from the user. User is disconnected from HotSpot after the limit is reached.
- `limit_bytes_total` (Number) (limit-bytes-in+limit-bytes-out). User is disconnected from HotSpot after the limit is reached.
- `limit_uptime` (Number) Uptime limit for the HotSpot client, user is disconnected from HotSpot as soon as uptime is reached.
- `mac_address` (Number) Client is allowed to login only from the specified MAC-address. If value is 00:00:00:00:00:00, any mac address is allowed.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) User password.
- `profile` (String) User profile configured in `/ip hotspot user profile`.
- `routes` (String) Routes added to HotSpot gateway when client is connected. The route format dst-address gateway metric (for example, `192.168.1.0/24 192.168.0.1 1`).
- `server` (String) HotSpot server's name to which user is allowed login.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) It's the default item.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/hotspot/user get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_hotspot_user.test *3
```
