# routeros_ip_hotspot_user_profile (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_hotspot_user_profile" "test" {
  add_mac_cookie     = true
  address_list       = "list-1"
  idle_timeout       = "none"
  keepalive_timeout  = "2m"
  mac_cookie_timeout = "3d"
  name               = "new-profile"
  shared_users       = 3
  status_autorefresh = "2m"
  transparent_proxy  = true
  advertise          = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Descriptive name of the profile.

### Optional

- `add_mac_cookie` (Boolean) Allows to add mac cookie for users.
- `address_list` (String) Name of the address list in which users IP address will be added. Useful to mark traffic per user groups for queue tree configurations.
- `address_pool` (String) IP pool name from which the user will get IP. When user has improper network settings configuration on the computer, HotSpot server makes translation and assigns correct IP address from the pool instead of incorrect one.
- `advertise` (Boolean) Enable forced advertisement popups. After certain interval specific web-page is being displayed for HotSpot users. Advertisement page might be blocked by browsers popup blockers.
- `advertise_interval` (Set of String) Set of intervals between advertisement popups. After the list is done, the last value is used for all further advertisements, 10 minutes.
- `advertise_timeout` (String) How long advertisement is shown, before blocking network access for HotSpot client. Connection to Internet is not allowed, when advertisement is not shown.
- `advertise_url` (String) List of URLs that is show for advertisement popups. After the last URL is used, list starts from the begining.
- `idle_timeout` (String) Maximal period of inactivity for authorized HotSpot clients. Timer is counting, when there is no traffic coming from that client and going through the router, for example computer is switched off. User is logged out, dropped of the host list, the address used by the user is freed, when timeout is reached.
- `incoming_filter` (String) Name of the firewall chain applied to incoming packets from the users of this profile, jump rule is required from built-in chain (input, forward, output) to chain=hotspot.
- `incoming_packet_mark` (String) Packet mark put on incoming packets from every user of this profile.
- `insert_queue_before` (String)
- `keepalive_timeout` (String) Keepalive timeout for authorized HotSpot clients. Used to detect, that the computer of the client is alive and reachable. User is logged out, when timeout value is reached.
- `mac_cookie_timeout` (String) Selects mac-cookie timeout from last login or logout. Read more>>.
- `on_login` (String) Script name to be executed, when user logs in to the HotSpot from the particular profile. It is possible to get username from internal user and interface variable. For example, :log info ``User $user logged in!`` . If hotspot is set on bridge interface, then interface variable will show bridge as actual interface unless use-ip-firewall' is set in bridge settings. List of available variables: $user $username (alternative var name for $user) $address $``mac-address`` $interface.
- `on_logout` (String) Script name to be executed, when user logs out from the HotSpot.It is possible to get username from internal user and interface variable. For example, :log info ``User $user logged in!`` . If hotspot is set on bridge interface, then interface variable will show bridge as actual interface unless use-ip-firewall is set in bridge settings. List of available variables: $user $username (alternative var name for $user) $address $``mac-address`` $interface $cause Starting with v6.34rc11 some additional variables are available: $uptime-secs - final session time in seconds $bytes-in - bytes uploaded $bytes-out - bytes downloaded $bytes-total - bytes up + bytes down $packets-in - packets uploaded $packets-out - packets downloaded $packets-total - packets up + packets down.
- `open_status_page` (String) Option to show status page for user authenticated with mac login method. For example to show advertisement on status page (alogin.html) http-login - open status page only for HTTP login (includes cookie and HTTPS) always - open HTTP status page in case of mac login as well.
- `outgoing_filter` (String) Name of the firewall chain applied to outgoing packets from the users of this profile, jump rule is required from built-in chain (input, forward, output) to chain=hotspot.
- `outgoing_packet_mark` (String) Packet mark put on outgoing packets from every user of this profile.
- `parent_queue` (String)
- `queue_type` (String)
- `rate_limit` (String) Simple dynamic queue is created for user, once it logs in to the HotSpot. Rate-limitation is configured in the following form [rx-rate[/tx-rate] [rx-burst-rate[/tx-burst-rate] [rx-burst-threshold[/tx-burst-threshold] [rx-burst-time[/tx-burst-time] [priority] [rx-rate-min[/tx-rate-min]]]]. For example, to set 1M download, 512k upload for the client, rate-limit=512k/1M.
- `session_timeout` (String) Allowed session time for client. After this time, the user is logged out unconditionally.
- `shared_users` (Number) Allowed number of simultaneously logged in users with the same HotSpot username.
- `status_autorefresh` (String) HotSpot status page autorefresh interval.
- `transparent_proxy` (Boolean) Use transparent HTTP proxy for the authorized users of this profile.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) It's the default item.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/hotspot/user/profile get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_hotspot_user_profile.test *3
```
