# routeros_ip_hotspot (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_hotspot" "test" {
  name      = "server-1"
  interface = "ether2"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Interface to run HotSpot on.
- `name` (String) HotSpot server's name or identifier.

### Optional

- `address_pool` (String) Address space used to change HotSpot client any IP address to a valid address. Useful for providing public network access to mobile clients that are not willing to change their networking settings.
- `addresses_per_mac` (String) Number of IP addresses allowed to be bind with the MAC address, when multiple HotSpot clients connected with one MAC-address.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `idle_timeout` (String) Period of inactivity for unauthorized clients. When there is no traffic from this client (literally client computer should be switched off), once the timeout is reached, a user is dropped from the HotSpot host list, its used address becomes available.
- `keepalive_timeout` (String) The exact value of the keepalive-timeout, that is applied to the user. Value shows how long the host can stay out of reach to be removed from the HotSpot.
- `login_timeout` (String) Period of time after which if a host hasn't been authorized itself with a system the host entry gets deleted from host table. Loop repeats until the host logs in the system. Enable if there are situations where a host cannot log in after being too long in the host table unauthorized.
- `profile` (String) HotSpot server default HotSpot profile, which is located in `/ip/hotspot/profile`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ip/hotspot get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ip_hotspot.test *3
```
