# routeros_ip_neighbor_discovery_settings (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_neighbor_discovery_settings" "test" {
  discover_interface_list  = "static"
  lldp_med_net_policy_vlan = "1"
  mode                     = "tx-and-rx"
  protocol                 = []
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `discover_interface_list` (String) Interface list on which members the discovery protocol will run on.
- `discover_interval` (String) An option to adjust the frequency at which neighbor discovery packets are transmitted. The setting is available since RouterOS version 7.16.
- `lldp_mac_phy_config` (Boolean) Whether to send MAC/PHY Configuration/Status TLV in LLDP, which indicates the interface capabilities, current setting of the duplex status, bit rate, and auto-negotiation. Only applies to the Ethernet interfaces. While TLV is optional in LLDP, it is mandatory when sending LLDP-MED, meaning this TLV will be included when necessary even though the property is configured as disabled.
- `lldp_max_frame_size` (Boolean) Whether to send Maximum Frame Size TLV in LLDP, which indicates the maximum frame size capability of the interface in bytes (`l2mtu + 18`). Only applies to the Ethernet interfaces.
- `lldp_med_net_policy_vlan` (String) Advertised VLAN ID for LLDP-MED Network Policy TLV. This allows assigning a VLAN ID for LLDP-MED capable devices, such as VoIP phones. The TLV will only be added to interfaces where LLDP-MED capable devices are discovered. Other TLV values are predefined and cannot be changed:
  * Application Type - Voice
  * VLAN Type - Tagged
  * L2 Priority - 0
  * DSCP Priority - 0
When used together with the bridge interface, the (R/M)STP protocol should be enabled with protocol-mode setting.
Additionally, other neighbor discovery protocols (e.g. CDP) should be excluded using protocol setting to avoid LLDP-MED misconfiguration.
- `lldp_poe_power` (Boolean) Two specific TLVs facilitate Power over Ethernet (PoE) management between Power Sourcing Equipment (PSE) and Powered Devices (PD).
- `lldp_vlan_info` (Boolean) An option whether to send IEEE 802.1 Organizationally Specific TLVs in LLDP related to VLANs. The setting is available since RouterOS version 7.16.
- `mode` (String) Selects the neighbor discovery packet sending and receiving mode. The setting is available since RouterOS version 7.7.
- `protocol` (Set of String) List of used discovery protocols.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_ip_neighbor_discovery_settings.test .
```
