# routeros_ip_traffic_flow_ipfix (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_traffic_flow_ipfix" "test" {
  nat_events = true
  dst_port   = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `bytes` (String) Total number of bytes processed in the flow.
- `dst_address` (String) The destination IP address of the flow.
- `dst_address_mask` (String) Network mask for the destination address.
- `dst_mac_address` (String) Destination MAC address.
- `dst_port` (String) Destination port number.
- `first_forwarded` (String) Timestamp of the first packet forwarded in a flow.
- `gateway` (String) IP address of the gateway through which the flow was routed.
- `icmp_code` (String) ICMP code for error messaging and operational information.
- `icmp_type` (String) Type of ICMP message, important for diagnostic messages.
- `igmp_type` (String) Type of Internet Group Management Protocol operation.
- `in_interface` (String) Interface through which packets of the flow are received.
- `ip_header_length` (String) Length of the IP header.
- `ip_total_lenght` (String) Length of the IP packet in bytes.
- `ipv6_flow_label` (String) Label field from an IPv6 header, used to classify flows.
- `is_multicast` (String) Indicates whether the flow is a multicast flow.
- `last_forwarded` (String) Timestamp of the last packet forwarded in a flow.
- `nat_dst_address` (String) Translated destination IP address by NAT.
- `nat_dst_port` (String) Translated destination port number by NAT.
- `nat_events` (String) Events related to Network Address Translation for the flow.
- `nat_src_address` (String) Translated source IP address by NAT.
- `nat_src_port` (String) Translated source port number by NAT.
- `out_interface` (String) Interface through which packets of the flow are sent out.
- `packets` (String) Number of packets processed in the flow.
- `protocol` (String) Protocol number (e.g., TCP, UDP, ICMP).
- `src_address` (String) The source IP address of the flow.
- `src_address_mask` (String) Network mask for the source address, useful in summarizing data.
- `src_mac_address` (String) Source MAC address.
- `src_port` (String) Source port number.
- `sys_init_time` (String) System initialization time, can be used for timing analysis.
- `tcp_ack_num` (String) Acknowledgment number in a TCP connection.
- `tcp_flags` (String) Flags from the TCP header (e.g., SYN, ACK).
- `tcp_seq_num` (String) Sequence number in a TCP connection.
- `tcp_window_size` (String) Window size in a TCP connection, indicating the scale of received data buffering.
- `tos` (String) Type of Service field in the IP header, indicating priority and handling of the packet.
- `ttl` (String) Time To Live for the packet, decremented by each router to prevent infinite loops.
- `udp_length` (String) Length of the UDP payload.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_ip_traffic_flow_ipfix.test .
```
