# routeros_ipip (Resource)




<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the ipip interface.

### Optional

- `allow_fast_path` (Boolean) Whether to allow FastPath processing. Must be disabled if IPsec tunneling is used.
- `clamp_tcp_mss` (Boolean) Controls whether to change MSS size for received TCP SYN packets. When enabled, a router will change the MSS size for received TCP SYN packets if the current MSS size exceeds the tunnel interface MTU (taking into account the TCP/IP overhead). The received encapsulated packet will still contain the original MSS, and only after decapsulation the MSS is changed.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `dont_fragment` (String)
- `dscp` (String) Set dscp value in GRE header to a fixed value '0..63' or 'inherit' from dscp value taken from tunnelled traffic.
- `ipsec_secret` (String, Sensitive) When secret is specified, router adds dynamic IPsec peer to remote-address with pre-shared key and policy (by default phase2 uses sha1/aes128cbc).
- `keepalive` (String) Tunnel keepalive parameter sets the time interval in which the tunnel running flag will remain even if the remote end of tunnel goes down. If configured time,retries fail, interface running flag is removed. Parameters are written in following format: `KeepaliveInterval,KeepaliveRetries` where `KeepaliveInterval` is time interval and `KeepaliveRetries` - number of retry attempts. `KeepaliveInterval` is integer 0..4294967295
- `local_address` (String) Source address of the tunnel packets, local on the router.
- `mtu` (String) Layer3 Maximum transmission unit ('auto', 0 .. 65535)
- `remote_address` (String) IP address of the remote end of the tunnel.

### Read-Only

- `actual_mtu` (Number)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `l2mtu` (Number) Layer2 Maximum transmission unit. [See](https://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Maximum_Transmission_Unit_on_RouterBoards).
- `running` (Boolean)


