# routeros_ipv6_dhcp_server (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ipv6_pool" "pool-0" {
  name          = "test-pool-0"
  prefix        = "2001:db8:40::/48"
  prefix_length = 64
}

resource "routeros_ipv6_dhcp_server" "test" {
  address_pool = routeros_ipv6_pool.pool-0.name
  interface    = "bridge"
  lease_time   = "1m"
  name         = "test-dhcpv6"
  preference   = 128
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `address_pool` (String) IPv6 pool, from which to take IPv6 prefix for the clients.
- `interface` (String) The interface on which server will be running.
- `name` (String) Reference name.

### Optional

- `allow_dual_stack_queue` (Boolean) Creates a single simple queue entry for both IPv4 and IPv6 addresses, and uses the MAC address and DUID for identification. Requires IPv6 DHCP Server to have this option enabled as well to work properly.
- `binding_script` (String) A script that will be executed after binding is assigned or de-assigned. Internal `global` variables that can be used in the script:
    - bindingBound - set to `1` if bound, otherwise set to `0`
    - bindingServerName - dhcp server name
    - bindingDUID - DUID
    - bindingAddress - active address
    - bindingPrefix - active prefix.
- `comment` (String)
- `dhcp_option` (Set of String) Add additional DHCP options from option list.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `insert_queue_before` (String) Specify where to place dynamic simple queue entries for static DCHP leases with a rate-limit parameter set.
- `lease_time` (String) The time that a client may use the assigned address. The client will try to renew this address after half of this time and will request a new address after the time limit expires.
- `parent_queue` (String) A dynamically created queue for this lease will be configured as a child queue of the specified parent queue.
- `preference` (Number)
- `rapid_commit` (Boolean)
- `route_distance` (Number) Distance of the route.
- `use_radius` (Boolean) Whether to use RADIUS server.

### Read-Only

- `duid` (String) DUID value.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ipv6/dhcp/server get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ipv6_dhcp_server.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_ipv6_dhcp_server.test "name=test-dhcpv6"
```
