# routeros_ipv6_address (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ipv6_address" "ipv6_address" {
  address   = "fd55::1/64"
  interface = "ether1"
  disabled  = false
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Name of the interface.

### Optional

- `___id___` (Number) <em>Resource ID type (.id / name). This is an internal service field, setting a value is not required.</em>
- `___path___` (String) <em>Resource path for CRUD operations. This is an internal service field, setting a value is not required.</em>
- `address` (String) IPv6 address. Using the eui_64 and from_pool options can transform the original address! [See docs](https://wiki.mikrotik.com/wiki/Manual:IPv6/Address#Properties)
- `advertise` (Boolean) Whether to enable stateless address configuration. The prefix of that address is automatically advertised to hosts using ICMPv6 protocol. The option is set by default for addresses with prefix length 64.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `eui_64` (Boolean) Whether to calculate EUI-64 address and use it as last 64 bits of the IPv6 address.
- `from_pool` (String) Name of the pool from which prefix will be taken to construct IPv6 address taking last part of the address from address property.
- `no_dad` (Boolean) If set indicates that address is anycast address and Duplicate Address Detection should not be performed.

### Read-Only

- `actual_interface` (String) Name of the actual interface the logical one is bound to.
- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `global` (Boolean) Whether address is global.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)
- `link_local` (Boolean) Whether address is link local.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ipv6/address get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ipv6_address.ipv6_address "*0"
```
