# routeros_ipv6_settings (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ipv6_settings" "settings" {
  accept_redirects = "no"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `accept_redirects` (String) Whether to accept ICMP redirect messages. Typically should be enabled on the host and disabled on routers.
- `accept_router_advertisements` (String) Accept router advertisement (RA) messages. If enabled, the router will be able to get the address using stateless address configuration.
- `disable_ipv6` (Boolean) Enable/disable system wide IPv6 settings (prevents LL address generation).
- `forward` (Boolean) Enable/disable packet forwarding between interfaces.
- `max_neighbor_entries` (Number) A maximum number or IPv6 neighbors. Since RouterOS version 7.1, the default value depends on the installed amount of RAM. It is possible to set a higher value than the default, but it increases the risk of out-of-memory condition. The default values for certain RAM sizes:
  * 1024 for 64 MB,
  * 2048 for 128 MB,
  * 4096 for 256 MB,
  * 8192 for 512 MB,
  * 16384 for 1024 MB or higher.
- `multipath_hash_policy` (String) IPv6 Hash policy used for ECMP routing in `/ipv6/settings` menu
  * l3 -- layer-3 hashing of src IP, dst IP, flow label, IP protocol
  * l3-inner -- layer-3 hashing or inner layer-3 hashing if available
  * l4 -- layer-4 hashing of src IP, dst IP, IP protocol, src port, dst port.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_ipv6_settings.settings .
```
