# routeros_ipv6_nd_prefix (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ipv6_nd_prefix" "test" {
  prefix             = "fd55::/64"
  interface          = "ether1"
  preferred_lifetime = "6d24h"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) Interface name on which stateless auto-configuration will be running.
- `prefix` (String) A prefix from which stateless address autoconfiguration generates the valid address.

### Optional

- `6to4_interface` (String) If this option is specified, this prefix will be combined with the IPv4 address of the interface name to produce a valid 6to4 prefix. The first 16 bits of this prefix will be replaced by 2002 and the next 32 bits of this prefix will be replaced by the IPv4 address assigned to the interface name at configuration time. The remaining 80 bits of the prefix (including the SLA ID) will be advertised as specified in the configuration file.
- `autonomous` (Boolean) When set, indicates that this prefix can be used for autonomous address configuration. Otherwise, prefix information is silently ignored.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `on_link` (Boolean) When set, indicates that this prefix can be used for on-link determination. When not set the advertisement makes no statement about the on-link or off-link properties of the prefix. For instance, the prefix might be used for address configuration with some of the addresses belonging to the prefix being on-link and others being off-link.
- `preferred_lifetime` (String) Timeframe (relative to the time the packet is sent) after which generated address becomes `deprecated`. Deprecated is used only for already existing connections and is usable until valid lifetime expires.
- `valid_lifetime` (String) The length of time (relative to the time the packet is sent) an address remains in the valid state. The valid lifetime must be greater than or equal to the preferred lifetime.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ipv6/nd/prefix get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ipv6_nd_prefix.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_ipv6_nd_prefix.test "prefix=xxx"
```
