# routeros_ipv6_neighbor_discovery (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ipv6_neighbor_discovery" "test" {
  interface 						= "ether1"
  hop_limit 						= 33
  advertise_dns 					= false
  advertise_mac_address 		    = true
  disabled 						= false
  managed_address_configuration	= true
  mtu 							= 9000
  other_configuration				= true
  pref64_prefixes					= []
  ra_delay						= "3s"
  ra_interval						= "3m20s-10m"
  ra_lifetime						= "30m"
  ra_preference					= "high"
  reachable_time					= "10m"
  retransmit_interval				= "12m"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `interface` (String) The interface on which to run neighbor discovery.all - run ND on all running interfaces.

### Optional

- `___drop_val___` (String) <em>A list of values when generated by RouterOs will be dropped, useful to default values as 'unspecified' for null</em>
- `advertise_dns` (Boolean) Option to redistribute DNS server information using RADVD. You will need a running client-side software with Router Advertisement DNS support to take advantage of the advertised DNS information.
- `advertise_mac_address` (Boolean) When set, the link-layer address of the outgoing interface is included in the RA.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `dns` (String) Specify a single IPv6 address or comma separated list of addresses that will be provided to hosts for DNS server configuration.
- `dns_servers` (String) Specify a single IPv6 address or list of addresses that will be provided to hosts for DNS server configuration.
- `hop_limit` (Number) The default value that should be placed in the Hop Count field of the IP header for outgoing (unicast) IP packets.
- `managed_address_configuration` (Boolean) Name of the IPv6 pool in which received IPv6 prefix will be added
- `mtu` (Number) The flag indicates whether hosts should use stateful autoconfiguration (DHCPv6) to obtain addresses
- `other_configuration` (Boolean) The flag indicates whether hosts should use stateful autoconfiguration to obtain additional information (excluding addresses).
- `pref64` (List of String) Specify IPv6 prefix or list of prefixes within /32, /40. /48, /56, /64, or /96 subnet that will be provided to hosts as NAT64 prefixes.
- `ra_delay` (String) The minimum time allowed between sending multicast router advertisements from the interface.
- `ra_interval` (String) The min-max interval allowed between sending unsolicited multicast router advertisements from the interface.
- `ra_lifetime` (String) Specify the router preference that is communicated to IPv6 hosts through router advertisements.The preference value in the router advertisements enables IPv6 hosts to select a default router to reach a remote destination
- `ra_preference` (String) Specify the router preference that is communicated to IPv6 hosts through router advertisements.The preference value in the router advertisements enables IPv6 hosts to select a default router to reach a remote destination
- `reachable_time` (String) Specify the router preference that is communicated to IPv6 hosts through router advertisements.The preference value in the router advertisements enables IPv6 hosts to select a default router to reach a remote destination
- `retransmit_interval` (String) The time between retransmitted Neighbor Solicitation messages.Used by address resolution and the Neighbor Unreachability Detection algorithm (see Sections 7.2 and 7.3 of RFC 2461)

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) Neighbor discovery entry is the default configuration.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/ipv6/nd get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_ipv6_neighbor_discovery.ndether1 "*0"
```
