# routeros_ovpn_server (Resource)
##### *<span style="color:red">This resource requires a minimum version of RouterOS 7.8!</span>*

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_ip_pool" "ovpn-pool" {
  name   = "ovpn-pool"
  ranges = ["192.168.77.2-192.168.77.254"]
}

resource "routeros_system_certificate" "ovpn_ca" {
  name        = "OpenVPN-Root-CA"
  common_name = "OpenVPN Root CA"
  key_size    = "prime256v1"
  key_usage   = ["key-cert-sign", "crl-sign"]
  trusted     = true
  sign {
  }
}

resource "routeros_system_certificate" "ovpn_server_crt" {
  name        = "OpenVPN-Server-Certificate"
  common_name = "Mikrotik OpenVPN"
  key_size    = "prime256v1"
  key_usage   = ["digital-signature", "key-encipherment", "tls-server"]
  sign {
    ca = routeros_system_certificate.ovpn_ca.name
  }
}

resource "routeros_ppp_profile" "test" {
  name           = "ovpn"
  local_address  = "192.168.77.1"
  remote_address = "ovpn-pool"
  use_upnp       = "no"
}

resource "routeros_ppp_secret" "test" {
  name     = "user-test"
  password = "123"
  profile  = routeros_ppp_profile.test.name
}

resource "routeros_ovpn_server" "server" {
  enabled         = true
  certificate     = routeros_system_certificate.ovpn_server_crt.name
  auth            = ["sha256", "sha512"]
  tls_version     = "only-1.2"
  default_profile = routeros_ppp_profile.test.name
}

# The resource should be created only after the OpenVPN server is enabled!
resource "routeros_interface_ovpn_server" "user1" {
  name       = "ovpn-in1"
  user       = "user1"
  depends_on = [routeros_ovpn_server.server]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auth` (Set of String) Authentication methods that the server will accept.
- `certificate` (String) Name of the certificate that the OVPN server will use.
- `cipher` (Set of String) Allowed ciphers.
- `default_profile` (String) Default profile to use.
- `enable_tun_ipv6` (Boolean) Specifies if IPv6 IP tunneling mode should be possible with this OVPN server.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Defines whether the OVPN server is enabled or not.
- `ipv6_prefix_len` (Number) Length of IPv6 prefix for IPv6 address which will be used when generating OVPN interface on the server side.
- `keepalive_timeout` (String) Defines  the time period (in seconds) after which the router is starting to send  keepalive packets every second. If no traffic and no keepalive  responses have come for that period of time (i.e. 2 *  keepalive-timeout), not responding client is proclaimed disconnected
- `mac_address` (String) Automatically generated MAC address of the server.
- `max_mtu` (Number) Maximum Transmission Unit. Max packet size that the OVPN interface will be able to send without packet fragmentation.
- `mode` (String) Layer3 or layer2 tunnel mode (alternatively tun, tap)
- `netmask` (Number) Subnet mask to be applied to the client.
- `port` (Number) Port to run the server on.
- `protocol` (String) indicates the protocol to use when connecting with the remote endpoint.
- `push_routes` (Set of String) Push routes to the VPN client (available since RouterOS 7.14).
- `redirect_gateway` (Set of String) Specifies what kind of routes the OVPN client must add to the routing table. def1 – Use this flag to override the default gateway by using 0.0.0.0/1 and  128.0.0.0/1 rather than 0.0.0.0/0. This has the benefit of overriding  but not wiping out the original default gateway. disabled - Do not send redirect-gateway flags to the OVPN client. ipv6 - Redirect IPv6 routing into the tunnel on the client side. This works  similarly to the def1 flag, that is, more specific IPv6 routes are added  (2000::/4 and 3000::/4), covering the whole IPv6 unicast space.
- `reneg_sec` (Number) Renegotiate data channel key after n seconds (default=3600).
- `require_client_certificate` (Boolean) If set to yes, then the server checks whether the client's certificate belongs to the same certificate chain.
- `tls_version` (String) Specifies which TLS versions to allow.
- `tun_server_ipv6` (String) IPv6 prefix address which will be used when generating the OVPN interface on the server side.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_openvpn_server.server .
```
