# routeros_queue_type (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_queue_type" "test" {
  name           = "pcq-test"
  kind           = "pcq"
  pcq_rate       = 0
  pcq_limit      = 50
  pcq_classifier = ["dst-address"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `kind` (String) Queue kind.
- `name` (String) Type name.

### Optional

- `bfifo_limit` (Number) Maximum number of bytes that the BFIFO queue can hold. Applies if `kind` is `bfifo`.
- `cake_ack_filter` (String)
- `cake_atm` (String) Compensates for ATM cell framing, which is normally found on ADSL links.
- `cake_autorate_ingress` (Boolean) Automatic capacity estimation based on traffic arriving at this qdisc. This is most likely to be useful with cellular links, which tend to change quality randomly.  The Bandwidth Limit parameter can be used in conjunction to specify an initial estimate. The shaper will periodically be set to a bandwidth slightly below the estimated rate.  This estimator cannot estimate the bandwidth of links downstream of itself.
- `cake_bandwidth` (Number) Sets the shaper bandwidth.
- `cake_diffserv` (String) CAKE can divide traffic into `tins` based on the Diffserv field:
  * `diffserv4` Provides a general-purpose Diffserv implementation with four tins: Bulk (CS1), 6.25% threshold, generally low priority. Best Effort (general), 100% threshold. Video (AF4x, AF3x, CS3, AF2x, CS2, TOS4, TOS1), 50% threshold. Voice (CS7, CS6, EF, VA, CS5, CS4), 25% threshold.
  * `diffserv3` (default) Provides a simple, general-purpose Diffserv implementation with three tins: Bulk (CS1), 6.25% threshold, generally low priority. Best Effort (general), 100% threshold. Voice (CS7, CS6, EF, VA, TOS4), 25% threshold, reduced Codel interval.
- `cake_flowmode` (String) * `flowblind` - Disables flow isolation; all traffic passes through a single queue for each tin.
  * `srchost` - Flows are defined only by source address.
  * `dsthost` Flows are defined only by destination address.
  * `hosts` - Flows are defined by source-destination host pairs. This is host isolation, rather than flow isolation.
  * `flows` - Flows are defined by the entire 5-tuple of source address, a destination address, transport protocol, source port, and destination port. This is the type of flow isolation performed by SFQ and fq_codel.
  * `dual-srchost` Flows are defined by the 5-tuple, and fairness is applied first over source addresses, then over individual flows. Good for use on egress traffic from a LAN to the internet, where it'll prevent any LAN host from monopolizing the uplink, regardless of the number of flows they use.
  * `dual-dsthost` Flows are defined by the 5-tuple, and fairness is applied first over destination addresses, then over individual flows. Good for use on ingress traffic to a LAN from the internet, where it'll prevent any LAN host from monopolizing the downlink, regardless of the number of flows they use.
  * `triple-isolate` - Flows are defined by the 5-tuple, and fairness is applied over source *and* destination addresses intelligently (ie. not merely by host-pairs), and also over individual flows.
  * `nat` Instructs Cake to perform a NAT lookup before applying flow- isolation rules, to determine the true addresses and port numbers of the packet, to improve fairness between hosts `inside` the NAT. This has no practical effect in `flowblind` or `flows` modes, or if NAT is performed on a different host.
  * `nonat` (default) The cake will not perform a NAT lookup. Flow isolation will be performed using the addresses and port numbers directly visible to the interface Cake is attached to.
- `cake_memlimit` (Number) Limit the memory consumed by Cake to LIMIT bytes. By default, the limit is calculated based on the bandwidth and RTT settings.
- `cake_mpu` (Number) Rounds each packet (including overhead) up to a minimum length BYTES.
- `cake_nat` (Boolean) Instructs Cake to perform a NAT lookup before applying a flow-isolation rule.
- `cake_overhead` (Number) Adds BYTES to the size of each packet. BYTES may be negative.
- `cake_overhead_scheme` (String)
- `cake_rtt` (String) Manually specify an RTT. Default 100ms is suitable for most Internet traffic.
- `cake_rtt_scheme` (String) * `datacentre` - For extremely high-performance 10GigE+ networks only. Equivalent to `RTT 100us`.
  * `lan` - For pure Ethernet (not Wi-Fi) networks, at home or in the office. Don't use this when shaping for an Internet access link. Equivalent to `RTT 1ms`.
  * `metro` - For traffic mostly within a single city. Equivalent to `RTT 10ms`. regional For traffic mostly within a European-sized country. Equivalent to `RTT 30ms`.
  * `internet` (default) This is suitable for most Internet traffic. Equivalent to `RTT 100ms`.
  * `oceanic` - For Internet traffic with generally above-average latency, such as that suffered by Australasian residents. Equivalent to `RTT 300ms`.
  * `satellite` - For traffic via geostationary satellites. Equivalent to `RTT 1000ms`.
  * `interplanetary` - So named because Jupiter is about 1 light-hour from Earth. Use this to (almost) completely disable AQM actions. Equivalent to `RTT 3600s`.
- `cake_wash` (Boolean) Apply the wash option to clear all extra DiffServ (but not ECN bits), after priority queuing has taken place.
- `codel_ce_threshold` (Number) Marks packets above a configured threshold with ECN.
- `codel_ecn` (Boolean) An option is used to mark packets instead of dropping them.
- `codel_interval` (String) Interval should be set on the order of the worst-case RTT through the bottleneck giving endpoints sufficient time to react.
- `codel_limit` (Number) Queue limit, when the limit is reached, incoming packets are dropped.
- `codel_target` (String) Represents an acceptable minimum persistent queue delay.
- `fq_codel_ce_threshold` (Number) Marks packets above a configured threshold with ECN.
- `fq_codel_ecn` (Boolean) An option is used to mark packets instead of dropping them.
- `fq_codel_flows` (Number) A number of flows into which the incoming packets are classified.
- `fq_codel_interval` (String) Interval should be set on the order of the worst-case RTT through the bottleneck giving endpoints sufficient time to react.
- `fq_codel_limit` (Number) Queue limit, when the limit is reached, incoming packets are dropped.
- `fq_codel_memlimit` (Number) A total number of bytes that can be queued in this FQ-CoDel instance. Will be enforced from the fq-codel-limit parameter.
- `fq_codel_quantum` (Number) A number of bytes used as 'deficit' in the fair queuing algorithm. Default (1514 bytes) corresponds to the Ethernet MTU plus the hardware header length of 14 bytes.
- `fq_codel_target` (String) Represents an acceptable minimum persistent queue delay.
- `mq_pfifo_limit` (Number) Multi-queue PFIFO limit.
- `pcq_burst_rate` (Number) Maximal upload/download data rate which can be reached while the burst for substream is allowed.
- `pcq_burst_threshold` (Number) This is value of burst on/off switch.
- `pcq_burst_time` (String) Period of time, in seconds, over which the average data rate is calculated. (This is NOT the time of actual burst).
- `pcq_classifier` (Set of String) Selection of sub-stream identifiers.
- `pcq_dst_address6_mask` (Number) Size of IPV6 network that will be used as dst-address sub-stream identifier.
- `pcq_dst_address_mask` (Number) Size of IPv4 network that will be used as dst-address sub-stream identifier.
- `pcq_limit` (Number) Queue size of a single sub-stream (in kilobytes).
- `pcq_rate` (Number) Maximal available data rate of each sub-steam.
- `pcq_src_address6_mask` (Number) Size of IPV6 network that will be used as src-address sub-stream identifier.
- `pcq_src_address_mask` (Number) Size of IPv4 network that will be used as src-address sub-stream identifier.
- `pcq_total_limit` (Number) Max amount of bytes queued (in kilobytes) for all sub-streams per PCQ instance. Note that each queue tree entry has its own PCQ instance.
- `pfifo_limit` (Number) Maximum number of packets that the PFIFO queue can hold. Applies if `kind` is `pfifo`.
- `red_avg_packet` (Number) Used by RED for average queue size calculations (for packet to byte translation).
- `red_burst` (Number) Number of packets allowed for bursts of packets when there are no packets in the queue.
- `red_limit` (Number) RED queue limit in packets.
- `red_max_threshold` (Number) The average queue size at which packet marking probability is the highest.
- `red_min_threshold` (Number) Average queue size in bytes.
- `sfq_allot` (Number) Amount of data in bytes that can be sent in one round-robin round.
- `sfq_perturb` (Number) How often hash function must be refreshed.

### Read-Only

- `default` (Boolean) It's the default item.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/queue/type get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_queue_type.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_queue_type.test "name=pcq-test"
```
