# routeros_queue_simple (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_queue_simple" "test" {
  name      = "server"
  target    = ["10.1.1.1/32"]
  max_limit = "0/0"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Queue name.
- `target` (Set of String) List of IP address ranges that will be limited by this queue.

### Optional

- `bucket_size` (String)
- `burst_limit` (String) Maximal upload/download data rate which can be reached while the burst is active.
- `burst_threshold` (String) When average data rate is below this value - burst is allowed, as soon as average data rate reach this value - burst is denied (basically this is burst on/off switch). For optimal burst behavior this value should above `limit-at` value and below `max-limit` value
- `burst_time` (String) Period of time, in seconds, over which the average upload/download data rate is calculated. This is NOT the time of actual burst.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `dst` (String) Allows to select only specific stream (from target address to this destination address) for limitation explain what is target and what is dst and what is upload and what not.
- `limit_at` (String) Normal upload/download data rate that is guaranteed to a target.
- `max_limit` (String) Maximal upload/download data rate that is allowed for a target to reach to reach what.
- `packet_marks` (Set of String) Allows to use marked packets from `/ip firewall mangle`. Take look at this packet flow diagram. You need to make sure that packets are marked before the simple queues (before global-in HTB queue).
- `parent` (String) Assigns this queue as a child queue for selected target. Target queue can be HTB queue or any other previously created queue.
- `priority` (String) Prioritize one child queue over other child queue. Does not work on parent queues (if queue has at least one child). One is the highest, eight is the lowest priority. Child queue with higher priority will have chance to reach its `max-limit` before child with lower priority. Priority have nothing to do with bursts.
- `queue` (String) Choose the type of the queue.
- `time` (String) Allow to specify time when particular queue will be active. Router must have correct time settings.
- `total_bucket_size` (Number)
- `total_burst_limit` (Number)
- `total_burst_threshold` (Number)
- `total_burst_time` (Number)
- `total_limit_at` (Number)
- `total_max_limit` (Number)
- `total_priority` (Number)
- `total_queue` (String)

### Read-Only

- `dynamic` (Boolean) Configuration item created by software, not by management interface. It is not exported, and cannot be directly modified.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `invalid` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/queue/simple get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_queue_simple.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_queue_simple.test "name=server"
```
