# routeros_routing_ospf_interface_template (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_routing_ospf_instance" "test_routing_ospf_instance" {
  name = "test_routing_ospf_instance"
}

resource "routeros_routing_ospf_area" "test_routing_ospf_area" {
  name     = "test_routing_ospf_area"
  instance = routeros_routing_ospf_instance.test_routing_ospf_instance.name
}

resource "routeros_routing_ospf_interface_template" "test_routing_ospf_interface_template" {
  area = routeros_routing_ospf_area.test_routing_ospf_area.name
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `area` (String) The OSPF area to which the matching interface will be associated.

### Optional

- `auth` (String) Specifies authentication method for OSPF protocol messages.
- `auth_id` (Number) The key id is used to calculate message digest (used when MD5 or SHA authentication is enabled).
- `auth_key` (String, Sensitive) The authentication key to be used, should match on all the neighbors of the network segment (available since RouterOS 7.x).
- `authentication_key` (String, Sensitive) The authentication key to be used, should match on all the neighbors of the network segment (for versions before RouterOS 7.x).
- `comment` (String)
- `cost` (Number) Interface cost expressed as link state metric.
- `dead_interval` (String) Specifies the interval after which a neighbor is declared dead.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `hello_interval` (String) The interval between HELLO packets that the router sends out this interface.
- `instance_id` (Number) Interface cost expressed as link state metric.
- `interfaces` (Set of String) Interfaces to match.
- `networks` (Set of String) The network prefixes associated with the area.
- `passive` (Boolean) If enabled, then do not send or receive OSPF traffic on the matching interfaces. <em>The correct value of this attribute may not be displayed in Winbox. Please check the parameters in the console!</em>
- `prefix_list` (String) Name of the address list containing networks that should be advertised to the v3 interface.
- `priority` (Number) Router's priority. Used to determine the designated router in a broadcast network.
- `retransmit_interval` (String) Time interval the lost link state advertisement will be resent.
- `transmit_delay` (String) Link-state transmit delay is the estimated time it takes to transmit a link-state update packet on the interface.
- `type` (String) The OSPF network type on this interface.
- `vlink_neighbor_id` (String) Specifies the router-id of the neighbor which should be connected over the virtual link.
- `vlink_transit_area` (String) A non-backbone area the two routers have in common over which the virtual link will be established.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inactive` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> /routing/ospf/interface-template/print show-ids
terraform import routeros_routing_ospf_interface_template.test_routing_ospf_interface_template "*0"
```
