# routeros_routing_ospf_instance (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_routing_ospf_instance" "test_routing_ospf_instance" {
  name = "test_routing_ospf_instance"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Changing the name of this resource will force it to be recreated.
	> The links of other configuration properties to this resource may be lost!
	> Changing the name of the resource outside of a Terraform will result in a loss of control integrity for that resource!

### Optional

- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `domain_id` (String) MPLS-related parameter.
- `domain_tag` (Number) if set, then used in route redistribution (as route-tag in all external LSAs generated by this router), and in route calculation (all external LSAs having this route tag are ignored). Needed for interoperability with older Cisco systems. By default not set.
- `in_filter_chain` (String) name of the routing filter chain used for incoming prefixes
- `mpls_te_address` (String) the area used for MPLS traffic engineering.
- `mpls_te_area` (String) the area used for MPLS traffic engineering.
- `originate_default` (String) Specifies default route (0.0.0.0/0) distribution method.
- `out_filter_chain` (String) name of the routing filter chain used for outgoing prefixes filtering.
- `out_filter_select` (String) name of the routing filter select chain, used for output selection.
- `redistribute` (Set of String) Enable redistribution of specific route types.
- `router_id` (String) OSPF Router ID. Can be set explicitly as an IP address, or as the name of the router-id instance.
- `routing_table` (String) Name of the routing table in use.
- `version` (Number) OSPF version this instance will be running (v2 for IPv4, v3 for IPv6).
- `vrf` (String) The VRF table this resource operates on.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inactive` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> /routing/ospf/instance/print show-ids
terraform import routeros_routing_ospf_instance.test_routing_ospf_instance "*0"
```
