# routeros_routing_bgp_vpn (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_routing_bgp_vpn" "test" {
  disabled = false
  export {
    redistribute  = "connected"
    route_targets = ["1:1"]
  }
  import {
    route_targets = ["1:2"]
  }
  label_allocation_policy = "per-vrf"
  name                    = "bgp-mpls-vpn-test"
  route_distinguisher     = "1.2.3.4:1"
  vrf                     = "vrfTest1"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) VPN instance name.
- `route_distinguisher` (String) Helps to distinguish between overlapping routes from multiple VRFs. Should be unique per VRF. Accepts 3 types of formats.

### Optional

- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `export` (Block List, Max: 1) A group of parameters associated with the route export. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--export))
- `import` (Block List, Max: 1) A group of parameters associated with the route import. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--import))
- `instance` (String) Name of the instance this VPN is assigned to.
- `label_allocation_policy` (String) Label allocationpolicy.
- `vrf` (String) The VRF table this resource operates on.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inactive` (Boolean)

<a id="nestedblock--export"></a>
### Nested Schema for `export`

Optional:

- `filter_chain` (String) The name of the routing filter chain that is used to filter prefixes before exporting.
- `filter_select` (String) The name of the select filter chain that is used to select prefixes to be exported exporting.
- `redistribute` (String) Enable redistribution of specified route types from VRF to VPNv4.
- `route_targets` (Set of String) List of route targets added when exporting VPNv4 routes. The accepted RT format is similar to the one for Route Distinguishers.


<a id="nestedblock--import"></a>
### Nested Schema for `import`

Optional:

- `filter_chain` (String) The name of the routing filter chain that is used to filter prefixes during import.
- `route_targets` (Set of String) List of route targets that will be used to import VPNv4 routes. The accepted RT format is similar to the one for Route Distinguishers.
- `router_id` (String) The router ID of the BGP instance that will be used for the BGP best path selection algorithm.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/routing/bgp/vpn get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_routing_bgp_vpn.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_routing_bgp_vpn.test "name=xxx"
```
