# routeros_routing_bgp_instance (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_routing_bgp_instance" "test" {
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Instance name.

### Optional

- `as` (String) 32-bit BGP autonomous system number. Value can be entered in AS-Plain and AS-Dot formats. The parameter is also used to set up the BGP confederation, in the following format: confederation_as/as. For example, if your AS is 34 and your confederation AS is 43, then as configuration should be as=43/34.
- `cluster_id` (String) In case this instance is a route reflector: the cluster ID of the router reflector cluster to this instance belongs. This attribute helps to recognize routing updates that come from another route reflector in this cluster and avoid routing information looping. Note that normally there is only one route reflector in a cluster; in this case, `cluster-id` does not need to be configured and BGP router ID is used instead.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `ignore_as_path_len` (Boolean) Whether to ignore the `AS_PATH` attribute in the BGP route selection algorithm. Works on input.
- `router_id` (String) BGP Router ID to be used. Use the ID from the `/routing/router-id` configuration by specifying the reference name, or set the ID directly by specifying IP.Equal router-ids are also used to group peers into one instance.
- `routing_table` (String) Name of the routing table, to install routes in.
- `vrf` (String) Name of the VRF BGP connections operates on. By default always use the `main` routing table.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `inactive` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/routing/bgp/instance get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_routing_bgp_instance.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_routing_bgp_instance.test "name=xxx"
```
