# routeros_snmp (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_snmp" "test" {
  contact          = "John D."
  enabled          = true
  engine_id_suffix = "8a3c"
  location         = "Backyard"
  trap_community   = "private"
  trap_generators  = "start-trap"
  trap_version     = 3
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `contact` (String) Contact information.
- `enabled` (Boolean) Used to disable/enable SNMP service
- `engine_id_suffix` (String) Unique identifier for an SNMPv3 engine by configuring the suffix of the engine ID.
- `location` (String) Location information.
- `src_address` (String) Force the router to always use the same IP source address for all of the SNMP messages.
- `trap_community` (String, Sensitive) Which communities configured in community menu to use when sending out the trap. This name must be present in the community list.
- `trap_generators` (String) What action will generate traps: interfaces - interface changes; start-trap - snmp server starting on the router.
- `trap_interfaces` (String) List of interfaces that traps are going to be sent out.
- `trap_target` (Set of String) IP (IPv4 or IPv6) addresses of SNMP data collectors that have to receive the trap.
- `trap_version` (Number) Version of SNMP protocol to use for trap.
- `vrf` (String) The VRF table this resource operates on.

### Read-Only

- `engine_id` (String) For SNMP v3, used as part of identifier. You can configure suffix part of engine id using this argument. If SNMP client is not  capable to detect set engine-id value then this prefix hex have to be  used 0x80003a8c04
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_snmp.test .
```
