# routeros_system_ntp_client (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_system_ntp_client" "test" {
  enabled = true
  mode    = "unicast"
  servers = ["146.59.35.38", "167.235.201.139"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable NTP client.
- `mode` (String) Mode that the NTP client will operate in
- `servers` (Set of String) The list of NTP servers. It is possible to add static entries.The following formats are accepted:
  * FQDN ("Resolved Address" will appear in the "Servers"- window in an appropriate column if the address is resolved) or IP address can be used. If DHCP-Client property `use-peer-ntp=yes` - the dynamic entries advertised by DHCP
  * ipv4
  * ipv4@vrf
  * ipv6
  * ipv6@vrf
  * ipv6-linklocal%interface
- `vrf` (String) The VRF table this resource operates on.

### Read-Only

- `freq_drift` (String) The fractional frequency drift per unit time.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `status` (String) Current status of the NTP client.
- `synced_server` (String) The IP address of the NTP Server.
- `synced_stratum` (String) The accuracy of each server is defined by a number called the stratum, with the topmost level (primary servers) assigned as one and each level downwards (secondary servers) in the hierarchy assigned as one greater than the preceding level.
- `system_offset` (String) This is a signed, fixed-point number indicating the offset of the NTP server's clock relative to the local clock, in seconds.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_system_ntp_client.test .
```
