# routeros_system_routerboard_settings (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_system_routerboard_settings" "settings" {
  auto_upgrade = false
  silent_boot  = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `auto_upgrade` (Boolean) An option to enable firmware upgrade automatically after the RouterOS upgrade.
- `baud_rate` (Number) An option to choose the onboard RS232 speed in bits per second.
- `boot_delay` (String) A delay for a keystroke while booting.
- `boot_device` (String) An option to choose the way RouterBOOT loads the operating system. Possible values: `ethernet`, `flash-boot`, `flash-boot-once-then-nand`, `nand-if-fail-then-ethernet`, `nand-only`, `try-ethernet-once-then-nand`.
- `boot_os` (String) An option to choose the booting operating system for CRS3xx series switches. Possible values: `router-os`, `swos`.
- `boot_protocol` (String) Boot protocol to use. Possible values: `bootp`, `dhcp`.
- `cpu_frequency` (String) An option to change the CPU frequency of the device.
- `cpu_mode` (String) An option whether to enter CPU suspend mode in HTL instruction. Possible values: `power-save`, `regular`.
- `enable_jumper_reset` (Boolean) An option to enable reset via the onboard jumper.
- `enter_setup_on` (String) An option to set which key will cause the BIOS to enter configuration mode during boot delay. Possible values: `any-key`, `delete-key`.
- `force_backup_booter` (Boolean) An option to use the backup RouterBOOT.
- `init_delay` (String) An option to set a delay before the USB port is initialized. Used for mPCIe modems with RB9xx series devices only.
- `memory_data_rate` (String) An option to change the memory data rate of the device. Values depend on the model.
- `memory_frequency` (String) An option to change the memory frequency of the device. Values depend on the model.
- `preboot_etherboot` (String) An option to enable preboot `etherboot`, which runs before the regular boot device.
- `preboot_etherboot_server` (String) An option to instruct `preboot-etherboot` to accept only from the specified Netinstall server.
- `protected_routerboot` (String) An option to disable any access to the RouterBOOT configuration settings over a console cable and disables the operation of the reset button to change the boot mode (Netinstall will be disabled). Possible values: `disabled`, `enabled`.
- `reformat_hold_button` (String) An option to enable resetting everything by pressing the button at power-on for longer than the specified time but less than `reformat_hold_button_max.`
- `reformat_hold_button_max` (String) See `reformat_hold_button`.
- `regulatory_domain_ce` (Boolean) An option to enable extra-low TX power for high antenna gain devices.
- `silent_boot` (Boolean) An option to turn off output on the serial console and beeping sounds during booting.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_system_routerboard_settings.settings .
```
