# routeros_tool_sniffer (Resource)


## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_tool_sniffer" "test" {
  enabled = true

  streaming_enabled = true
  streaming_server  = "192.168.88.5:37008"
  filter_stream     = true

  filter_interface                = ["ether2"]
  filter_direction                = "rx"
  filter_operator_between_entries = "and"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Start packet capture.
- `file_limit` (Number) File size limit. Sniffer will stop when a limit is reached.
- `file_name` (String) Name of the file where sniffed packets will be saved.
- `filter_cpu` (String) CPU core used as a filter.
- `filter_direction` (String) Specifies which direction filtering will be applied.
- `filter_dst_ip_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 IP destination addresses used as a filter.
- `filter_dst_ipv6_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 IPv6 destination addresses used as a filter.
- `filter_dst_mac_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 MAC destination addresses and MAC address masks used as a filter.
- `filter_dst_port` (Set of String) Up to 16 comma-separated destination ports used as a filter. A list of predefined port names is also available, like ssh and telnet.
- `filter_interface` (Set of String) Interface name on which sniffer will be running. all indicates that the sniffer will sniff packets on all interfaces.
- `filter_ip_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 IP addresses used as a filter.
- `filter_ip_protocol` (Set of String) Up to 16 comma-separated IP/IPv6 protocols used as a filter. IP protocols (instead of protocol names, protocol numbers can be used):
  * ipsec-ah - IPsec AH protocol
  * ipsec-esp - IPsec ESP protocol
  * ddp - datagram delivery protocol
  * egp - exterior gateway protocol
  * ggp - gateway-gateway protocol
  * gre - general routing encapsulation
  * hmp - host monitoring protocol
  * idpr-cmtp - idpr control message transport
  * icmp - internet control message protocol
  * icmpv6 - internet control message protocol v6
  * igmp - internet group management protocol
  * ipencap - ip encapsulated in ip
  * ipip - ip encapsulation
  * encap - ip encapsulation
  * iso-tp4 - iso transport protocol class 4
  * ospf - open shortest path first
  * pup - parc universal packet protocol
  * pim - protocol independent multicast
  * rspf - radio shortest path first
  * rdp - reliable datagram protocol
  * st - st datagram mode
  * tcp - transmission control protocol
  * udp - user datagram protocol
  * vmtp versatile message transport
  * vrrp - virtual router redundancy protocol
  * xns-idp - xerox xns idp
  * xtp - xpress transfer protocol
- `filter_ipv6_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 IPv6 addresses used as a filter.
- `filter_mac_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 MAC addresses and MAC address masks used as a filter.
- `filter_mac_protocol` (Set of String) Up to 16 comma separated entries used as a filter. Mac protocols (instead of protocol names, protocol number can be used):
  * 802.2 - 802.2 Frames (0x0004)
  * arp - Address Resolution Protocol (0x0806)
  * homeplug-av - HomePlug AV MME (0x88E1)
  * ip - Internet Protocol version 4 (0x0800)
  * ipv6 - Internet Protocol Version 6 (0x86DD)
  * ipx - Internetwork Packet Exchange (0x8137)
  * lldp - Link Layer Discovery Protocol (0x88CC)
  * loop-protect - Loop Protect Protocol (0x9003)
  * mpls-multicast - MPLS multicast (0x8848)
  * mpls-unicast - MPLS unicast (0x8847)
  * packing-compr - Encapsulated packets with compressed IP packing (0x9001)
  * packing-simple - Encapsulated packets with simple IP packing (0x9000)
  * pppoe - PPPoE Session Stage (0x8864)
  * pppoe-discovery - PPPoE Discovery Stage (0x8863)
  * rarp - Reverse Address Resolution Protocol (0x8035)
  * service-vlan - Provider Bridging (IEEE 802.1ad) & Shortest Path Bridging IEEE 802.1aq (0x88A8)
  * vlan - VLAN-tagged frame (IEEE 802.1Q) and Shortest Path Bridging IEEE 802.1aq with NNI compatibility (0x8100)
- `filter_operator_between_entries` (String) Changes the logic for filters with multiple entries.
- `filter_port` (Set of String) Up to 16 comma-separated ports used as a filter. A list of predefined port names is also available, like ssh and telnet.
- `filter_size` (String) Filters packets of specified size or size range in bytes.
- `filter_src_ip_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 IP source addresses used as a filter.
- `filter_src_ipv6_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 IPv6 source addresses used as a filter.
- `filter_src_mac_address` (Set of String) Up to 16 MAC source addresses and MAC address masks used as a filter.
- `filter_src_port` (Set of String) Up to 16 comma-separated source ports used as a filter. A list of predefined port names is also available, like ssh and telnet.
- `filter_stream` (Boolean) Sniffed packets that are devised for the sniffer server are ignored.
- `filter_vlan` (Set of Number) Up to 16 VLAN IDs used as a filter.
- `memory_limit` (Number) Memory amount used to store sniffed data.
- `memory_scroll` (Boolean) Whether to rewrite older sniffed data when the memory limit is reached.
- `only_headers` (Boolean) Save in the memory only the packet's headers, not the whole packet.
- `streaming_enabled` (Boolean) Defines whether to send sniffed packets to the streaming server.
- `streaming_server` (String) Tazmen Sniffer Protocol (TZSP) stream receiver.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `running` (Boolean)

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
terraform import routeros_tool_sniffer.test .
```
