# routeros_wifi_security (Resource)
*<span style="color:red">This resource requires a minimum version of RouterOS 7.13.</span>*

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_wifi_security" "security1" {
  name                 = "security1"
  authentication_types = ["wpa2-psk", "wpa3-psk"]
  ft                   = true
  ft_preserve_vlanid   = true
  passphrase           = "password"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the security profile.

### Optional

- `authentication_types` (Set of String) Authentication types to enable on the interface.
- `comment` (String)
- `connect_group` (String) APs within the same connect group do not allow more than 1 client device with the same MAC address.
- `connect_priority` (String) An option to determine how a connection is handled if the MAC address of the client device is the same as that of another active connection to another AP.
- `dh_groups` (Set of Number) Identifiers of elliptic curve cryptography groups to use in SAE (WPA3) authentication.
- `disable_pmkid` (Boolean) An option to disable inclusion of a PMKID in EAPOL frames.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `eap_accounting` (Boolean) An option to send accounting information to RADIUS server for EAP-authenticated peers.
- `eap_anonymous_identity` (String) An option to specify anonymous identity for EAP outer authentication.
- `eap_certificate_mode` (String) A policy for handling the TLS certificate of the RADIUS server.
- `eap_methods` (Set of String) A set of EAP methods to consider for authentication.
- `eap_password` (String) Password to use when the chosen EAP method requires one.
- `eap_tls_certificate` (String) Name or id of a certificate in the device's certificate store to use when the chosen EAP authentication method requires one.
- `eap_username` (String) Username to use when the chosen EAP method requires one.
- `encryption` (Set of String) A list of ciphers to support for encrypting unicast traffic.
- `ft` (Boolean) An option to enable 802.11r fast BSS transitions (roaming).
- `ft_mobility_domain` (Number) The fast BSS transition mobility domain ID.
- `ft_nas_identifier` (String) Fast BSS transition PMK-R0 key holder identifier.
- `ft_over_ds` (Boolean) An option to enable fast BSS transitions over DS (distributed system).
- `ft_preserve_vlanid` (Boolean) An option to preserve VLAN ID when roaming.
- `ft_r0_key_lifetime` (String) The lifetime of the fast BSS transition PMK-R0 encryption key.
- `ft_reassociation_deadline` (String) Fast BSS transition reassociation deadline.
- `group_encryption` (String) A cipher to use for encrypting multicast traffic.
- `group_key_update` (String) The interval at which the group temporal key (key for encrypting broadcast traffic) is renewed.
- `management_encryption` (String) A cipher to use for encrypting protected management frames.
- `management_protection` (String) An option to enable 802.11w management frame protection.
- `multi_passphrase_group` (String) Name of `/interface/wifi/security/multi-passphrase/` group that will be used. Only a single group can be defined under the security profile.
- `owe_transition_interface` (String) Name or internal ID of an interface which MAC address and SSID to advertise as the matching AP when running in OWE transition mode.
- `passphrase` (String) Passphrase to use for PSK authentication types.
- `sae_anti_clogging_threshold` (String) A parameter to mitigate DoS attacks by specifying a threshold of in-progress SAE authentications.
- `sae_max_failure_rate` (String) Rate of failed SAE (WPA3) associations per minute, at which the AP will stop processing new association requests.
- `sae_pwe` (String) Methods to support for deriving SAE password element.
- `wps` (String) An option to enable WPS (Wi-Fi Protected Setup).

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/wifi/security get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_wifi_security.security1 '*1'
```
