# routeros_wifi_provisioning (Resource)
*<span style="color:red">This resource requires a minimum version of RouterOS 7.13.</span>*

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_wifi_configuration" "configuration1" {
  country = "Netherlands"
  manager = "capsman"
  mode    = "ap"
  name    = "configuration1"
  ssid    = "my-network"
}

resource "routeros_wifi_provisioning" "provisioning1" {
  action               = "create-enabled"
  master_configuration = routeros_wifi_configuration.configuration1.name
  name_format          = "cap1:"
  radio_mac            = "00:11:22:33:44:55"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `action` (String) Provisioning action.
- `address_ranges` (List of String) Match CAPs by IPs within configured address ranges.
- `comment` (String)
- `common_name_regexp` (String) Regular expression to match radios by common name.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `identity_regexp` (String) Regular expression to match radios by router identity.
- `master_configuration` (String) If action specifies to create interfaces, then a new master interface with its configuration set to this configuration profile will be created.
- `name_format` (String) Specify the format of the CAP interface name creation.
- `radio_mac` (String) MAC address of radio to be matched, empty MAC means match all MAC addresses. `00:00:00:00:00:00` is not considered empty MAC-address.
- `slave_configurations` (List of String) If action specifies to create interfaces, then a new slave interface for each configuration profile in this list is created.
- `slave_name_format` (String) The name format of the slave CAP interfaces. This option is available in RouterOS starting from version 7.16.
- `supported_bands` (List of String) Match CAPs by supported modes.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/wifi/provisioning get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_wifi_provisioning.provisioning1 '*1'
```
