# routeros_wifi_interworking (Resource)
*<span style="color:red">This resource requires a minimum version of RouterOS 7.13.</span>*

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_wifi_interworking" "interworking1" {
  name     = "interworking1"
  internet = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the interworking profile.

### Optional

- `3gpp_info` (List of String) Cellular network advertisement information - country and network codes.
- `3gpp_raw` (String) Cellular network advertisement information - country and network codes.
- `asra` (Boolean) An option to enable Additional Steps Required for Access.
- `authentication_types` (List of String) A list of authentication types that is only effective when `asra` is set to yes.
- `comment` (String)
- `connection_capabilities` (List of String) A list to provide information about the allowed IP protocols and ports.
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `domain_names` (List of String) A list of fully qualified domain names (FQDN) that indicate the entity operating the Hotspot.
- `esr` (Boolean) An option to enable Emergency Services Reachability.
- `hessid` (String) Homogenous extended service set identifier (HESSID).
- `hotspot20` (Boolean) An option to indicate Hotspot 2.0 capability of the Access Point.
- `hotspot20_dgaf` (Boolean) An option to indicate Downstream Group-Addressed Forwarding (DGAF) capability.
- `internet` (Boolean) An option to indicate Internet availability.
- `ipv4_availability` (String) An option to indicate IPv4 availability.
- `ipv6_availability` (String) An option to indicate IPv6 availability.
- `network_type` (String) Information about network access type.
- `operational_classes` (List of Number) A list with information about other available bands.
- `operator_names` (List of String) A list of colon-separated operator names and language codes.
- `realms` (List of String) A list of colon-separated realm names and EAP methods.
- `realms_raw` (List of String) A list of 'NAI Realm Tuple' excluding 'NAI Realm Data Field Length' field.
- `roaming_ois` (List of String) A list of Organization Identifiers (OI).
- `uesa` (Boolean) An option to enable Unauthenticated Emergency Service Accessibility.
- `venue` (String) Information about the venue in which the Access Point is located.
- `venue_names` (List of String) A list of colon-separated venue names and language codes.
- `wan_at_capacity` (Boolean) An option to indicate that the Access Point or the network is at its max capacity.
- `wan_downlink` (Number) The downlink speed of the WAN connection set in kbps.
- `wan_downlink_load` (Number) The downlink load of the WAN connection measured over `wan_measurement_duration`.
- `wan_measurement_duration` (Number) The duration during which `wan_downlink_load` and `wan_uplink_load` are measured.
- `wan_status` (String) Information about the status of the Access Point's WAN connection.
- `wan_symmetric` (Boolean) An option to indicate that the WAN link is symmetric (upload and download speeds are the same).
- `wan_uplink` (Number) The uplink speed of the WAN connection set in kbps.
- `wan_uplink_load` (Number) The uplink load of the WAN connection measured over `wan_measurement_duration`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/wifi/interworking get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_wifi_interworking.interworking1 '*1'
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_wifi_interworking.interworking1 "name=xxx"
```
