# routeros_wifi_security_multi_passphrase (Resource)
*<span style="color:red">This resource requires a minimum version of RouterOS 7.17beta1.</span>*

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_wifi_security_multi_passphrase" "test" {
  group      = "gr-123"
  passphrase = data.vault_kv_secret_v2.wifi_security.data["test"]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group` (String) Assigning the group to a security profile or an access list, will enable use of all passphrases defined under it.

### Optional

- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `expires` (String) The expiration date and time for passphrase specified in this entry, doesn't affect the whole group. Once the date is reached, existing clients using this passphrase will be disconnected, and new clients will not be able to connect using it. If not set, passphrase can be used indefinetly.
- `isolation` (Boolean) Determines whether the client device using this passphrase is isolated from other clients on AP. Traffic from an isolated client will not be forwarded to other clients and unicast traffic from a non-isolated client will not be forwarded to an isolated one.
- `passphrase` (String, Sensitive) The passphrase to use for PSK authentication types. Multiple users can use the same passphrase. Not compatible with WPA3-PSK.
- `vlan_id` (String) Vlan-id that will be assigned to clients using this passphrase Only supported on wifi-qcom interfaces, if wifi-qcom-ac AP has a client that uses a passphrase that has vlan-id associated with it, the client will not be able to join.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/wifi/security/multi/passphrase get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_wifi_security_multi_passphrase.test *3
#Or you can import a resource using one of its attributes
terraform import routeros_wifi_security_multi_passphrase.test "comment=xxx"
```
