# routeros_wifi_channel (Resource)
*<span style="color:red">This resource requires a minimum version of RouterOS 7.13.</span>*

## Example Usage
```terraform
resource "routeros_wifi_channel" "channel1" {
  name                = "1"
  band                = "2ghz-n"
  frequency           = [2412]
  secondary_frequency = ["disabled"]
  skip_dfs_channels   = "disabled"
  width               = "20mhz"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the channel.

### Optional

- `band` (String) Frequency band and wireless standard that will be used by the AP.
- `comment` (String)
- `disabled` (Boolean)
- `frequency` (List of String) Channel frequency value or range in MHz on which AP or station will operate.
- `reselect_interval` (String) An option that specifies when the interface should rescan channel availability and select the most appropriate one to use.
- `reselect_time` (String) Specifies the clock time when the interface should run "rescan channel availability" and select the most appropriate one to use. Specifying the clock time will allow the system to select this time dynamically and randomly. This helps to avoid a situation when many APs at the same time scan the network, select the same channel, and prefer to use it at the same time. reselect-time uses a background scan. 
The reselect process will choose the most suitable channel considering the number of networks in the channel, channel usage, and overlap with networks in adjacent channels. It can be used with a list of frequencies defined, or with frequency not set - using all supported frequencies.
Example:

    - 01:00..01:30 → Would set the rescan of channels to run every night, once, randomly, between 01:00 AM to 01:30 AM, system clock time.
    - 14:00..14:30 → Would set the rescan of channels to run every day (after midday), once, randomly between 14:00:00 to 14:30:00 (or 2 PM to 2:30 PM), system clock time.
- `secondary_frequency` (List of String) Specifies the second frequency that will be used for 80+80MHz configuration. Set it to `disabled` in order to disable 80+80MHz capability.
- `skip_dfs_channels` (String) An option to avoid using channels on which channel availability check (listening for the presence of radar signals) is required.
- `width` (String) Channel width.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import
Import is supported using the following syntax:
```shell
#The ID can be found via API or the terminal
#The command for the terminal is -> :put [/interface/wifi/channel get [print show-ids]]
terraform import routeros_wifi_channel.channel1 '*1'
```
